"<h> Argo takes different road to skirt self-driving challenges <p> 3 min read.Updated : 14 Dec 2019 , 02:00 PM IST Reuters <p> Among the prospective commercial applications of Argo 's technology : Long-haul trucking , e-commerce deliveries , the transport of people along fixed routes in cities , and off-highway applications such as mining . <p> Sky 's the limit optimism about self-driving cars is giving way to tougher questions about how expensive automotive artificial intelligence will ever make a profit . <p> Those are questions the founders of Argo AI - and automaker partners Ford Motor Co and Volkswagen AG - are betting they can answer by taking a different road than more highly valued rivals . They are steering away from building a robotaxi fleet and focusing instead on getting paid by the mile by customers that will use robot vehicles for multiple purposes , including delivering goods or transporting groups of people in vans . <p> The self-driving systems developer led by Bryan Salesky , who got his start developing automated vehicles for a Defense Department sponsored competition 12 years ago , is at the center of a multibillion-dollar bet by its auto giant partners that autonomous vehicle technology must be good for more than replacing taxi drivers . <p> "" I hate the word robotaxi , "" Salesky said in a rare interview at Argo 's Pittsburgh headquarters . "" There are so many applications and businesses to be built , and ( try to ) understand which ones are more profitable than others . "" <p> The Argo business plan hinges on a unique revenue-sharing deal that will pay Argo fees based on miles traveled in self-driving Ford and VW vehicles equipped with Argo 's technology . Details of that arrangement have not previously been reported . <p> Argo 's financial structure is also different from rival autonomous vehicle ventures . Ford and VW each own just under 40% , with Argo 's management team holding just over 20% , according to sources familiar with the business . Details of the ownership structure also have not previously been reported . <p> Among the prospective commercial applications of Argo 's technology : Long-haul trucking , e-commerce deliveries , the transport of people along fixed routes in cities , and off-highway applications such as mining . <p> Founded in Pittsburgh in late 2016 by Michigan natives Salesky and Chief Operating Officer Peter Rander , Argo is headquartered in a nondescript building in The Strip , an old warehouse and market district overlooking the Allegheny River . <p> Argo 's main rivals focused initially on deploying robotaxis . Waymo , however , is now working on adapting its automated "" driver "" to commercial vehicles , including Class 8 trucks , Waymo Chief Executive John Krafcik said . <p> Argo 's plan is to provide automated driving systems that Ford will launch in late 2021 in three U.S. cities , likely using a compact shuttle based on the redesigned Ford Transit Connect . <p> VW executives revealed to Reuters they expect to follow in 2022 or 2023 with a VW-designed all-electric vehicle , which could be deployed initially in the German automaker 's Moia ride services business . <p> Ford executive Jim Farley said at a Detroit conference in November the No. 2 U.S. automaker was exploring applications for Argo 's technology "" that could make more sense than robotaxis , "" including automated materials deliveries to trades people via a subscription service . <p> In addition to deploying Argo-outfitted vehicles in its own ride services fleet , VW has received interest from other ride hailing and transportation companies in buying VW vehicles equipped with Argo 's system , said Thomas Sedran , head of VW Commercial Vehicles and the automaker 's autonomous vehicles initiative . <p> That could be another way for Argo and its partners to make money as the technology finds its way into more vehicles and the number of miles traveled multiplies . <p> "" The details , the concrete conditions , how many cents per mile are we talking about or what 's the share of revenue ? That 's still open , "" Sedran said . "" At this stage , we are still working on making that technology generate revenue . "" <p> Salesky said Argo 's self-driving technology can be adapted to a variety of vehicle types , sizes and applications : "" This is going to be a multi-stage thing where there are going to be a number of different platforms and potentially different businesses . "" <p> Some rivals are not convinced Argo has any advantage . <p> "" We did n't start from scratch , "" said Glen De Vos , chief technology officer of Aptiv , which has bolstered its own expertise through acquisitions of self-driving startups nuTonomy and Ottomatika . <p> De Vos pointed to Aptiv 's partnership with Lyft in testing self-driving vehicles in the latter 's Las Vegas ride hailing network , and said Argo "" does n't have the component engineering capability that Aptiv has . "" <p> Investors so far have assigned Argo a lower valuation than robotaxi-focused rivals . Waymo is valued at $105 billion , while Cruise had a valuation of $19 billion at its last funding round . <p> Salesky said he and Rander are open to bringing other investor-partners into the business : "" The more diversity , the better -- but it needs to complement the portfolio that we 're already building with Ford and VW . "" <p> "" But we know that this is really the early days , "" he added . "" The ballgame has n't really started . "" <p> This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text ."
"<h> Chip stocks are the top performers of the decade as the industry 's products infiltrate everything <p> Cutting-edge chipmakers stand out as the best-performing industry across sectors and regions . <p> The sector soared 377% in the past 10 years , more than doubling the S&amp;P 500 's 182% climb . <p> The industry became the backbone of the economy through the prevalence of internet-connected devices and the emergence of cloud storage networks . <p> Integrated circuits on a circuit board . The semiconductor industry has been in focus during the U.S.-China trade war . <p> filonmar E+ Getty Images <p> When top-rated analyst Stacy Rasgon initiated his coverage on semiconductors in June 2009 , little did he know a sea change was on the horizon . <p> "" I launched right at the bottom with a really negative view on the sector , "" Bernstein 's Rasgon said . "" Literally six weeks after I launched , everybody started beating numbers by double digits . "" <p> Of course , everything snapped back from the depths of the financial crisis after the Federal Reserve came to the rescue with its unprecedented quantitative easing program , but the risky chip sector snapped back like no other . The Philadelphia Semiconductor index , the closely watched 30-stock benchmark for the sector , doubled its value in just a year from its trough in November 2008 . <p> "" All of a sudden , a lot of the companies did n't have the capacity in place to support the order . The lead time , how long it takes between placing the order to getting the parts , stretched out to 25 weeks , "" Rasgon said . <p> Flash forward 10 years to the turn of a new decade , cutting-edge chipmakers stand out as the best-performing industry across sectors and regions , becoming the backbone of the economy through the prevalence of internet-connected devices . Semiconductors now power the most essential products and technology to humankind , from advanced mobile networks to the iPhones of the world to the next-generation artificial intelligence . <p> The sector soared 377% in the past 10 years , more than doubling the S&amp;P 500 's 182% climb.The biggest exchange-traded funds in the industry -- the VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF which tracks the 25 largest U.S. chipmakers -- also surged more than 400% this decade . <p> "" The industry seems to have benefited from bullish investor sentiment given the prospects for emerging technologies "" in computing , storage , and enhanced connectivity , said Michael Cohick , VanEck 's senior product manager . <p> Dusting themselves off the crisis rout , chipmakers learned to streamline their production and improve their capacity planning and equipment spending . Some transformed to customization businesses while others turned to outsourcing to reduce costs . At the same time , chip demand rose to a fever pitch as the economy found its way back . <p> "" People took action in the throes of the downturn that left them in a better place structurally , "" Rasgon said . "" Companies got out of the worst business and they started rationalizing their manufacturing footprints . "" <h> Consolidation wave <p> To keep pace with big customers like Apple and Amazon with increasing demand for cheaper chips , the semi industry turned to mergers and acquisitions to cut costs by combining sales forces and back-end operations . <p> In 2015 , Avago Technologies merged with Broadcom for $37 billion in the largest chipmaker deal in history . Amid a steady decline in personal computer sales and smartphone demand in recent years , Broadcom , a big iPhone and PC chips supplier , managed to transform its core business to cloud data center networking and AI custom processors . The San Jose , California-based company saw its shares skyrocket 1,800% in the past 10 years , the best performer in the sector and one of the top-ten best performing stocks in the S&amp;P 500 in the decade . <p> Wall Street remains bullish on Broadcom after the epic run . Among 33 analysts covering the stock , 21 have a buy rating and 12 gave a neutral rating . It is named J.P . Morgan 's large-cap semi top pick of 2020 as the bank predicts the chipmaker 's fast-growing custom processor business to bring in $1 billion to $2 billion a year from Google , Fujitsu and Intel.chi <h> A ' very , very unusual ' 2019 <p> Semiconductor stocks enjoyed a seemingly unstoppable rally in 2019 , up 57% and on pace for the best year since 2009 . This great run occurred despite gloomy fundamentals and increasing macro uncertainty , leaving analysts scratching their heads . <p> "" From a fundamental basis , this is one of the worst years . From a revenue standpoint , we are actually in the biggest semiconductor downturn since the financial crisis today . You 'd never know it by looking at the companies , looking at the stocks , "" Rasgon said . "" The latest cycle is very , very unusual . "" <p> The sector is looking extremely expensive , trading at the highest price to future earnings multiples in a decade . Meanwhile , earnings estimates for the semiconductor index have suffered at least four rounds of cuts . Chipmakers also found themselves at the center of the escalated trade battle between the U.S. and China . <p> "" A lot of it has been trading around tariffs , tweets and headlines . Semis are sort of the ground zero for tariffs ... Semis go inside all of the things that potentially could get impacted by tariffs . I 'm surprised how well they 've held up , "" Rasgon said . Rasgon is rated consistently the top analyst on semiconductors by Institutional Investor magazine . <p> Chipmakers make up the majority of top U.S. companies with revenue exposure to China , according to Goldman Sachs . Evercore ISI said China accounted for 35% of global semiconductor sales . The U.S. in May also barred companies from selling to Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei , a big customer for American semiconductors . <p> "" Fundamentals were more challenging in 2019 than even our cautious view , yet stocks outperformed , "" Joseph Moore , Morgan Stanley 's semiconductor analyst , said in a recent note . "" A bottoming in fundamentals and Street estimates now closer to ours could help to limit the magnitude of pullbacks . That said , we do n't see much upside broadly . "" <p> With a U.S.-China initial trade deal now close to fruition , investors are wondering if chipmakers ' booming future is now priced into the shares ."
"<h> vivo charts strong overseas growth in Q1 2020 <p> BEIJING , June 2 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- vivo climbed to the fifth spot in terms of market share and market growth in the first quarter of 20201 , according to data from the International Data Corporation ( IDC ) Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker. vivo achieved the largest annual growth rate among the top five smartphone companies , becoming Indonesia 's market leader . <p> vivo has seen great business growth momentum in overseas markets , including India and Russia , despite challenging market conditions that have impacted the global smartphone industry . vivo achieved a shipment volume of 24.8 million , becoming fifth worldwide with a 9% market share and 7% YoY market growth in Q1 2020 . It is the largest annual growth rate among the top five smartphone companies . <p> vivo attributes its success to the focus on innovation and consumer orientation , and vows to continue by creating outstanding user experiences . To cater to consumer demand for more options of 5G smartphones , vivo is planning to launch a number of 5G devices in 2020 , targeting the mid-range market in a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Indonesia : Swift e-Channel Enhancement <p> vivo recorded its highest shipment volume for the first time in Indonesia in Q1 2020 , with a strategy to focus on various marketing efforts and promotional campaigns around its low and mid-range smartphones , such as V19 and S1 Pro , which are well-suited to the price-conscious Indonesian market. 2 vivo has demonstrated resilience and adaptability in Indonesia by strengthening marketing distribution channels and ensuring product availability in the market . <p> vivo has enhanced its e-commerce channels and introduced the Home Delivery Service in Indonesia in the face of restrictions induced by the COVID-19 situation . The service offers hygienic , secure , and speedy product deliveries , with additional consultancy and support services provided virtually by vivo representatives . <p> India : Smart Retail Support <p> In India , vivo took second place in terms of shipments with a strong YoY growth of 63.3% in Q1 2020 . The brand achieved a market share of 21% in this quarter , and continued to lead the offline sales for two straight quarters. 3 The growth was mainly fueled by the Y series @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ market environment . <p> vivo has adopted a Smart Retail model in India to help consumers connect with local retailers despite physical limitations during the pandemic . It allows customers to enquire through various online channels , such as SMS , social media and official e-store webpages , making it easy for vivo users to make a purchase and seek for product support from the comfort of their homes . <p> vivo aims to continue this growth momentum globally , and will continue to introduce more innovative products to consumers around the world , serving markets in ways that best suit the local environment with understanding and respect . <p> vivo is a leading global technology company that is product-driven with core businesses including smart terminals and intelligent services . vivo is committed to connecting users to the digital world by designing exciting and trendsetting smart mobile products and services which integrate technology and fashion in unique and creative ways . Adhering to its core values , which include "" Benfen "" , "" innovation "" and "" consumer orientation "" , vivo has implemented a sustainable development strategy to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ world-class enterprise . <p> vivo 's headquarters is located in Dongguan , China , with 9 R&amp;D centers in Shenzhen , Dongguan , Nanjing , Beijing , Hangzhou , Shanghai , Taipei , Tokyo and San Diego . These centers focus on the development of cutting-edge consumer technologies including 5G , artificial intelligence , photography , design and other emerging fields . vivo has also set up five production hubs across China , South Asia and Southeast Asia , which manufacture over 200 million smartphones every year . As of 2019 , vivo has developed its sales network across more than 30 countries and regions , attracting more than 300 million active users worldwide ."
"<p> Work Shield is the only benefits-focused solution that utilizes specialized legal professionals and an innovative technology platform to investigate and resolve workplace harassment and discrimination issues . With Work Shield , employees have access to an immediate and impartial platform to safely voice harassment and discrimination incidents without fear of retaliation , and employers have peace of mind that issues are investigated and resolved efficiently , risk is mitigated , and company culture is protected . <p> Work Shield 's solution can now be provided to all existing RSquared clients , and clients of Work Shield will have access to RSquared 's artificial intelligence capabilities . RSquared utilizes artificial intelligence and natural language processing to provide secure monitoring and analysis of email , instant messaging and other digital communications , giving employers valuable insight on employee engagement , sentiment and attitude . The trends and data identified by RSquared 's platform will allow Work Shield-certified legal professionals to analyze the activity of individuals involved in investigations and determine patterns of toxic behavior . <p> With diversity and inclusion more important than ever , this partnership is the first of its kind to provide employers with valuable metrics and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ security for employees . <p> "" We have data proving that no matter how dedicated an employer is to prevention and training , or how tight their culture is , no company is immune to harassment or discrimination , "" said Jared Pope , founder and CEO of Work Shield . "" The analytics and trends provided by RSquared will be monumental in both the prevention and investigation processes , giving employers a comprehensive plan to make their company inclusive and safe for employees . "" <p> "" By combining forces with Work Shield , we are giving our clients assurance that once our platform is implemented and data collection identifies trends and toxic behavior , they will have a trusted partner to take the next step to investigate the issue and ensure workplace cultures are protected , "" said Dan Udoutch , co-founder and CEO of RSquared , "" This full-service solution will give employers and employees peace of mind that they are being protected and that action is being taken to ensure their safety . "" <p> About Work Shield <p> Work Shield is the only solution that @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ resolution of workplace harassment and discrimination issues in their entirety . For the first time , employees have access to an immediate and impartial platform to safely voice harassment and discrimination incidents , while employers are ensured peace of mind that issues are investigated and resolved by Work Shield-certified legal professionals . The Work Shield solution fosters a more positive and open workplace culture comprised of integrity and trust . Learn more at https : //workshield.com . <p> About RSquared <p> RSquared is a pioneer in the nascent Workforce Intelligence market , which replaces the time-consuming and costly manual surveying of employees with real-time analysis of employee digital communications . RSquared is a cloud-based artificial intelligence ( AI ) platform that assesses the state and health of an organization 's culture by delivering immediate , actionable insights via a secure online executive dashboard . Learn more at https : //rsquared.ai . <p> CONTACT:Bolt Public Relations(469) **29;163;TOOLONG <p> Related Images <p> work-shield-rsquared.png Work Shield RSquared <p> View original content to download multimedia:https : **28;194;TOOLONG ... SOURCE Work Shield <p> Markets Insider and Business Insider Editorial Teams were not involved in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @"
"<h> Connectome imaging could help predict severity of language deficits after stoke <p> Loss or impairment of the ability to speak is one of the most feared complications of stroke--one faced by about 20% of stroke patients . Language , as one of the most complex functions of the brain , is not seated in a single brain region but involves connections between many regions . <p> In an article published in the June 22 , 2016 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience , investigators at the Medical University of South Carolina ( MUSC ) and the University of South Carolina ( USC ) report that mapping all of the brain 's white matter connections after stroke , in addition to imaging the areas of cortical tissue damage , could better predict which patients will have language deficits and how severe those deficits will be . The totality of the brain 's connections is referred to as the connectome . <p> "" Imaging the connectome of patients after stroke enables the identification of individual signatures of brain organization that can be used to predict the nature and severity @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ guide therapy , "" said MUSC Health neurologist Leonardo Bonilha M.D. , Ph.D. , senior author on the Journal of Neuroscience article , whose laboratory focuses on connectome imaging , particularly as it relates to language loss after stroke . Grigori Yourganov , Ph.D. , is the first author on the article . Julius Fridriksson , Ph.D. , Chris Rorden , Ph.D. , and Ezequiel Gleichgerrcht , Ph.D , aphasia researchers at USC who recently received NIH funding to establish a Center for the Study of Aphasia Recovery and who are long-time collaborators of the Bonilha laboratory , are also authors on the article . <p> This study is the one of the first to use whole-brain connectome imaging to examine how disruptions to white matter connectivity after stroke affect language abilities . White matter fiber tracts are the insulated wires that connect one area of the brain to others . White matter is named for the myelin sheaths ( insulation ) that cover the many axons ( wires ) that make up the fiber tracts . <p> "" If you have two brain areas and both of them have to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the stroke lesion takes out axons that connect those brain areas--the two areas are intact but the communication between them is disrupted and so there is dysfunction , "" said Yourganov . <p> Currently , structural magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) is used after stroke to assess lesions in the cortical tissue--the brain 's grey matter . However , the extent of cortical damage often does not correlate with the severity of language deficits . <p> "" Stroke patients sometimes have significant impairments beyond the amount of cortical damage , "" said Bonilha . "" It is also hard to predict how well a patient will recover based on the cortical lesion alone . "" <p> Could connectome-based imaging be a useful complement for assessing damage to the brain 's connections after stroke and for guiding rehabilitative therapy ? <p> The study led by Bonilha took an important first step toward answering these questions . The study , which enrolled 90 patients at MUSC and USC with aphasia due to a single stroke occurring no less than six months prior , assessed four areas related to speech/language using the Western @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and oral naming--as well as a summary score of overall aphasia . Within two days of behavior assessment , each of the patients underwent imaging studies--both T1- and T2- weighted MRI , typically used after stroke to map cortical damage , and diffusion imaging , used for connectome mapping . <p> The team then used a type of machine learning algorithm--support vector regression ( SVR ) --to analyze the imaging results and make predictions about each patient 's language deficits . In essence , an algorithm was created that could derive the WAB score from either a feature relevant to imaging of the grey matter damage by structural MRI or a feature relevant to connectome imaging of the brain 's white matter fiber tracts . The team used 89 of the 90 patients as training sets for SVR and then used the algorithm to predict language defect/preservation in the 90th patient . This was done for each of the 90 patients and , in each patient , for both features identified via structural MRI and connectome imaging . <p> The accuracy of the algorithm 's prediction of WAB score for each @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ score determined via behavioral testing . Connectome-based analysis was as accurate as cortical lesion mapping for predicting WAB scores . In fact , it was better at predicting auditory comprehension scores than was lesion-based imaging using structural MRI and only slightly less accurate at predicting speech fluency , speech repetition , and naming scores . <p> The study demonstrates that damage to the white matter fiber tracts that connect the brain 's regions plays a role beyond cortical damage in language impairment after stroke . Furthermore , this study also discloses that connections in the brain 's parietal region are particularly important for language function , especially fluency . This region is less likely to sustain damage after stroke , even in patients who experience aphasia , suggesting that damage or preservation of the brain 's connections in this region could play a key role in determining who will experience aphasia and who will have the best chances for recovery . The integrity of these connections could not be mapped with conventional structural MRI but can now be assessed through connectome-based analysis . <p> The study findings also suggest that connectome-based @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to stroke care . Because the algorithms developed using these study patients as the training set are generalizable to a broader stroke population , connectome-based analysis could one day be used to identify the distinctive features of each patient 's stroke--which connections have been lost and which preserved--and then the algorithm could be used to predict the type and severity of language impairment and the potential for recovery . This information could then be used to direct rehabilitative therapy to improve outcomes . <p> "" By mapping much more accurately the individual pattern of brain structural connectivity in a stroke survivor , we can determine the integrity of neuronal networks and better understand what was lesioned and how that relates to language abilities that are lost , "" said Bonilha . "" This is , broadly stated , a measure of post-stroke brain health . It is the individual signature pattern that could also be used to inform about the personalized potential for recovery with therapy and guide treatments to focus on the deficient components of the network . "" <p> News-Medical.Net provides this medical information service in accordance with these @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ on this website is designed to support , not to replace the relationship between patient and physician/doctor and the medical advice they may provide . <p> This site uses cookies . By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies . Find out more here ."
"<h> NIH Awards $40 Million to Map the Wiring of the Brain <p> Thousands of connections between nerves - and this is just a mouse ear muscle . Imagine the human connectome . <p> You may never have heard of the Connectome , but chances are it defines nearly everything about who you are . Just as our genome is the totality of our genes , the connectome is the totality of the connections in our brain and nervous system . Many scientists believe that our memories , our personalities , our thoughts are encoded in those connections . We have 100+ billion neurons that link together trillions and trillions of times . The connectome is a chaotic tangle of synapses that seems nearly endless in complexity . The US National Institute of Health wants to map it . Back in 2009 they set up the Human Connectome Project a $60 million dollar endeavor to discover how the human brain is wired . They have recently announced how nearly $40 million of that money will be spent . The short answer : magnets . Researchers at the University @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Harvard , and UCLA will be mapping the human mind with various instruments , foremost among them the MRI . Along with Siemens Medical Systems they will even create a new magnetic resonance imaging platform , the Connectome Scanner , to peer into the brain with detail no one has seen before . The Connectome is a tangled weave , but it looks like we 're on the road to unravel it . To get a handle on how complex a connectome really is , we should consider how few have actually been mapped . The first and only connectome that is known completely was for a simple worm , C. elegans , that contained just 302 nerve cells . Human brains have hundreds of billions of neurons . Most researchers currently work with small portions of retina and muscle nerves . The complex network shown above is for a very small portion of the muscle tissue near the ear of a mouse . Sebastian Seung , a physicist and neuroscientist at MIT , discusses the absurd complexity of the human connectome in his TED presentation seen in the video below @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , Harvard , and around the world have focused on slicing the human brain and microscopically analyzing what they see . They cut open the computer and trace the wires , so to speak , and they do it in three dimensions . Manually , this process is tedious , requiring dozens of researchers double checking each other 's work . With enough slices , enough samples , and with artificial intelligence programs that could scan quicker and better than the human eye , this approach to mapping the connectome would work . But it would likely take decades . <p> The NIH funded work is taking a different route . MRI scanning may not be able to trace the path of each individual nerve , but it can still tell us a huge amount about how the brain is wired . Teams of researchers at the Washington University and the University of Minnesota Twin Cities will use MRI and fMRI scans to study the brains of 1200 adults - twins and their non twin siblings . These scans will be of greater strength than many typical scans , ranging from @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ these scans will grant new insights into how regions of the brain are wired together . The Washington and Minnesota team will also use EEG and MEG to compose movies of brain activity to accompany the MRI scans into the brain 's wiring . All of this data will be analyzed by supercomputer and compiled into a Connectome Database Neuroinformatics Platform which will be widely available for neuroscientists to use in the future . Funding for this portion of the Human Connectome Project amounts to around $30 million over five years . <p> ( Left ) Red and yellow regions show structural connectivity to the blue dot using diffusion MRI . ( Right ) Red and yellow regions show functional connectivity to the blue dot using fMRI . Similar scans will be performed for 1200 adults . <p> Another team working at MGH , Harvard , and UCLA will be optimizing MRI scanning . In collaboration with Siemens Medical , this team will be developing a new Connectome Scanner , which will provide greater resolution than traditional techniques ( reportedly 4 to 8 times more powerful ) . The MGH/Harvard/UCLA group @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , which can pick out the long connections between neurons with greater contrast . The NIH touts DSI as the means to get better data about the connectome and with less time spent in each scan . DSI may be able to give insight into relatively simple bundles of neurons ( tens or hundreds of thousands at a time ) and how they are linked acorss the length of the brain . This portion of the project will receive $8.5 million in funding . <p> Diffusion spectrum imaging ( DSI ) gives a higher detail and more fibrous look at the brain than other MRI scanning techniques . Each line represents hundreds of thousands of neurons . <p> As massive as the Human Connectome Project is , it is just part of NIH 's larger Neuroscience Blueprint , which hopes to develop the tools needed to tackle their three grand challenges : mapping the brain , understanding the neurological basis of pain disorders , and developing therapies for neurological diseases . <p> Realistically , I do n't believe that MRI mapping alone will give us a complete understanding of the human @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to go in with microscopes and look at slices of the brain . Ultimately such an exploration will need to be automated , as Seung alluded in his talk . The Human Connectome Project and its funding of enhanced MRI , however , will undoubtedly yield valuable insights into our brains . Those insights may indeed lead to better understanding of pain disorders , and finding cures for neurological diseases . It may give us a better idea of how our thoughts and memories are hardwired into the connections in our brains . One day it may even provide the basis for translating the information in our brains to a digital medium . The essence of who we are is likely to be found in the connectome . Once we understand how it is formed , we can start working on improving and changing our minds . <p> @Doc3osh Ha , you 're right , I really should have mentioned BBP , especially since we 've covered/mentioned it often in the past . I guess I just saw the two projects as parallel but not overlapping . Thanks for bringing up @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ if we know the exact position of every neuron , there are many different way in which each neuron can communicate with other neurons , such that scientists disagree over the scale of complexity of the problem of modeling thought . Furthermore , it 's not enough to know which neuron connects to which other neurons , you have to know what level of activation is needed for one neuron to fire to the next ."
"<h> New tool predicts three-dimensional organization of human chromosomes <p> The human genome consists of 23 pairs of chromosomes . A new study from UW -- Madison 's Sushmita Roy describes a computational tool for researchers to better predict the three-dimensional interactions between chromosomes . Credit : Wikimedia Commons <p> University of Wisconsin -- Madison researchers have developed a computational tool that can accurately predict the three-dimensional interactions between regions of human chromosomes . <p> The predictive tool is a boon for researchers studying how cells control the activity of genes . The fine-tuned interaction between regulatory signals and the three-dimensional architecture of chromosomes helps explain how cells achieve their key functions , and how they go haywire , as happens in diseases such as cancer . <p> The experimental technique to measure these three-dimensional interactions , Hi-C , is expensive , which has limited high-quality data to just a few types of cells . In contrast , the new tool can predict these interactions using much more easily measurable and commonly available data . This could help biologists perform across many cell types more detailed research into tissue development , cancer and other diseases that are affected by this type of distant gene regulation . <p> UW -- Madison researcher Sushmita Roy and her graduate student Shilu Zhang led the work , which was published Dec. 6 in Nature Communications . The researchers have made the tool freely available to other scientists and continue to improve the predictive power of the tool , which they named HiC-Reg after the resource-intensive experiments . <p> "" We can very cheaply predict the output of Hi-C experiments , which can help us prioritize other regions of the genome to follow up with more fine-tuned experiments , "" says Roy , a professor in the Wisconsin Institute for Discovery and the UW -- Madison Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics . "" This can be used as a resource to interpret regulatory variation in the genome . "" <p> A far cry from the neat , straight lines of DNA pictured in textbooks , real chromosomes fold , twist and bend to fit several linear feet of DNA into a tiny cell nucleus . These loops also bring distant regions of a chromosome together . Some of these regions carry regulatory information that can promote or repress the expression of distant genes . This intricate gene expression magnifies the complexity of traits that organisms exhibit . <p> The packing of chromosomes into a nucleus allows distant regions of a chromosome to interact and affect one another . Consistently interacting regions are known as topologically associated domains , or TADs . This kind of fine-tuned gene regulation produces more complexity in the traits that organisms express . Credit : Navneet Matharu and Nadav Ahituv <p> Roy and other researchers have previously developed models that could predict whether or not two distant regions of a chromosome would interact . HiC-Reg builds on that model and not only predicts whether two regions will interact but also how strong that interaction might be . It provides a more complex and realistic model of how chromosomal regions interact and potentially regulate gene expression . <p> To create HiC-Reg , Roy 's team fed a series of commonly available genomic data , such as the presence of proteins and chemical modifications that activate or repress gene expression , into a machine learning algorithm . It also included Hi-C data from the few cell lines for which it is available . The tool then learned relationships that enabled it to predict the Hi-C measurements for a new pair of genomic regions . <p> "" Let 's try to use the data that 's easy to measure to predict the information that 's harder to gather , "" says Roy . The research was supported by the National Institutes of Health Big Data to Knowledge program , which allowed the team to mine this freely available but underutilized data . "" We 're trying to leverage publicly available datasets as much as possible . "" <p> HiC-Reg correctly predicted between 40 percent and 80 percent of regional associations . The tool is more accurate than estimating the strength of interactions based on chromosomal distance alone or just mapping the interactions from a pair of regions in one cell line to the same pair of regions in another cell line . But the interactions were harder to predict in some cell types than in others , a limitation the researchers are now working to overcome . <p> The computationally intensive work relied on UW -- Madison 's Center for High Throughput Computing , the UW Center for Predictive Computational Phenotyping and the Core Computational Technology research group at the Wisconsin Institute for Discovery . <p> Other researchers can now use HiC-Reg as-is to predict these three-dimensional interactions in their favorite cell line . Or , they can elect to re-train the program using their own datasets to improve its accuracy for their work . <p> Roy says that free access is consistent with the question that motivated this research : "" How can we help biologists gather this data ? "" <p> This document is subject to copyright . Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research , no part may be reproduced without the written permission . The content is provided for information purposes only . <h> E-mail the story <h> New tool predicts three-dimensional organization of human chromosomes <h> Note <p> Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email . Neither your address nor the recipient 's address will be used for any other purpose . The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form . <p> Your message <h> Newsletter sign up <p> Get weekly and/or daily updates delivered to your inbox . You can unsubscribe at any time and we 'll never share your details to third parties . <h> Your Privacy <p> This site uses cookies to assist with navigation , analyse your use of our services , and provide content from third parties . By using our site , you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use ."
"<p> Thank you for visiting nature.com . You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS . To obtain the best experience , we recommend you use a more up to date browser ( or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer ) . In the meantime , to ensure continued support , we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript . <h> Subjects <h> Abstract <p> Intensive-care clinicians are presented with large quantities of measurements from multiple monitoring systems . The limited ability of humans to process complex information hinders early recognition of patient deterioration , and high numbers of monitoring alarms lead to alarm fatigue . We used machine learning to develop an early-warning system that integrates measurements from multiple organ systems using a high-resolution database with 240 patient-years of data . It predicts 90% of circulatory-failure events in the test set , with 82% identified more than 2 h in advance , resulting in an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.94 and an area under the precision-recall curve of 0.63 . On average , the system raises 0.05 alarms per patient and hour . The model was externally validated in an independent patient cohort . Our model provides early identification of patients at risk for circulatory failure with a much lower false-alarm rate than conventional threshold-based systems . <h> Main <p> Critical illness is characterized by the presence or risk of developing life-threatening organ dysfunction . Critically ill patients are typically cared for in intensive care units ( ICUs ) , which specialize in providing continuous monitoring and advanced therapeutic and diagnostic technologies . <p> ICU physicians are presented with large quantities of data from many patients stored in electronic patient-data management systems ( PDMS ) , and it is increasingly difficult to identify the most important information for care decisions . The limited ability of humans to process such quantities of information can lead to data overload , change blindness and task fixation1 . This increases the risk that clinicians do not readily recognize , interpret and act upon relevant information2,3 . ICU patients are not continuously supervised or assessed by ICU nurses or physicians . Low nurse-to-patient ratios and lack of intensivist presence have been associated with delays in establishing adequate treatment for deteriorating patients4 and with higher ICU mortality5,6,7 . <p> Circulatory failure is common during critical illness , and monitoring of circulatory function is therefore an essential part of ICU patient management . The effects of circulatory failure are initially reversible in most patients4,8,9 , but repeated or prolonged episodes of hypotension and high-dose vasopressors may worsen the prognosis10,11,12 . Care providers intermittently assess monitored vital signs and rely on alarms for individual physiological measurements to identify patients at risk of deterioration . These alarm systems do not utilize comprehensive patient information , and alarms are therefore often non-specific13,14 , leading to alarm fatigue15 , which was rated seventh on the list of top ten technology hazards from the ECRI Institute16,17 . <p> Machine-learning ( ML ) techniques excel in the analysis of complex signals in data-rich environments18,19,20 . The abundance of data collected in the ICU and public availability of datasets such as MIMIC-III21 and eICU22 are key for developing the use of machine learning in this setting . Endpoints such as patient mortality23 and length of stay ( LOS ) 24 are commonly tackled using predictive models . However , the accurate prediction of mortality or LOS is not of great importance for further treatment decisions after the initial decision to admit a patient to ICU . The prediction of events related to circulatory deterioration has been addressed by predicting ICU admission25 , the onset of treatment26 or near-term mortality27 , and more specific aspects such as hypotension28 and vasopressor use29 . <p> In this work , we develop a new approach to detect circulatory failure in ICU patients on the basis of medical knowledge , large-scale data analysis and state-of-the-art ML techniques . We construct two early-warning systems , named circEWS and circEWS-lite , that are of differing complexity and alert clinicians to patients at risk of circulatory failure within the next 8 ? h . We define a patient as being in circulatory failure if ( 1 ) arterial lactate is elevated ( =2 ? mmol l -- 1 ) , and ( 2 ) either mean arterial pressure ( MAP ) ? = 65 ? mmHg , or the patient is receiving vasopressors or inotropes ( Extended Data Fig. 1a shows an example ) . We use the patient database from a large multidisciplinary ICU , containing routinely collected data from more than 54,000 ICU admissions , to train the early-warning systems . We have developed a comprehensive analysis framework including data pre-processing and cleaning , feature extraction and interpretation , and selection of large-scale supervised ML techniques to construct the early-warning systems . <p> To evaluate the performance of our systems , we established an alarm/event-based evaluation measure , which assesses the fraction of circulatory-failure events correctly predicted ( that is , an alarm was raised for this event ) and the false-alarm rate ( that is , there was an alarm but no event ) . For external validation , we applied and tested our circEWS-lite system to the MIMIC-III database . <h> Results <h> Preparation of a high time resolution ICU dataset ( HiRID ) <p> The full dataset contained a total of 7,333 routinely collected physiological variables , diagnostic test results and treatment parameters from 55,602 patient admissions to the ICU , resulting in more than 3 billion data observations . Continuous measurements are recorded every 2 ? min ; therefore , the dataset contains more observations at a higher temporal resolution than the 2 publicly available ICU datasets ( MIMIC-III21 , 312 million ; eICU22 , 827 million observations ) 30 . After applying exclusion criteria ( Extended Data Fig. 2a , c ) , information on 710 variables from 36,098 patient admissions collected between January 2008 and June 2016 remained for further processing ( Extended Data Fig. 3 ) . There were 209 consistently measured variables used for model development after data merging by aggregating pharmaceutical variables and summarizing measurement modalities of physiological variables ( Fig. 1a , Extended Data Fig. 2c and Supplementary Fig. 1 ) . The data was resampled to a 5-minute resolution using adaptive imputation ( Fig. 1b ) . The patient 's circulatory state was annotated for each time point as ' circulatory failure ' or ' no circulatory failure ' ( Fig. 1c ) . For 36.5% of time points , the annotation was not possible owing to lack of MAP or lactate measurements . These states were annotated as ' ambiguous ' . Overall , we identified 45,886 circulatory-failure events in 11,046 patients , with mean event duration of 320 ? min . We found that ICU mortality correlated with longer duration and a higher number of events of circulatory failure ( Extended Data Fig. 4 ) . <p> Fig. 1 : Model development overview . <p> a -- c , Data preparation . a , Data on patient admissions were exported from the ICU PDMS and filtered according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria . Clinically implausible values , variable-specific errors and other artifacts were automatically excluded using variable-specific algorithms . Variables coding the same active drug component with differing administration methods were merged to obtain the effective drug dose over time . Different monitoring modalities for the same parameter were merged . b , Adaptive imputation was performed by filling missing values using a patient and variable-specific imputation scheme to obtain a data point for every variable and time point in a 5-min time grid . c , The circulatory state was annotated according to the definition of circulatory failure . d -- f , Machine learning . d , At each time point , four feature types ( measurement intensity , multi-resolution summaries , instability history and shapelets ) per variable were extracted . These feature types , together with static patient information representing patient characteristics , represented the data available at any given time point . e , To construct the binary prediction problem , each relevant time point was labeled as either ' positive ' ( circulatory failure ( CF ) will occur within the next 8 ? h ) or ' negative ' ( circulatory failure will not occur within the next 8 ? h ) . f , A binary classifier to predict near-term circulatory failure was trained on the extracted labels and features . A gradient-boosted ensemble of decision trees was chosen as the classifier after comparison of different machine learning algorithms . g , Evaluation . The proposed early-warning system for circulatory deterioration ( circEWS ) consists of the trained binary classifier , a decision threshold and a policy of silencing for a short period after alarms . The system was evaluated on the basis of the fraction of alarms that are correct ( precision ) , and the fraction of circulatory failure events that are correctly predicted ( recall ) . CF , circulatory failure ; HR , heart rate ; IQR , interquartile range ; MAP , mean arterial pressure ; T , temperature . <h> Development of a continuous risk score for prediction of circulatory failure <p> Every 5 ? min , we aimed to determine the risk of a patient developing circulatory failure within the next 8 ? h using a continuous score . The features generated for the prediction task included static patient information , multi-scale summaries of time-series history , measurement intensity of variables and shapelet patterns ( Fig. 1d -- f and Supplementary Tables 1 -- 3 ) . We used SHAP ( SHapley Additive exPlanations ) values31 to assess the influence of each feature on the classifier output : positive and negative SHAP values indicate an increase or decrease of the prediction score , respectively . The dataset contained 15 million time slices , of which 3.1% were labeled positive ( circulatory failure within the next 8 ? h ) . An analysis framework for feature and model selection was developed . Among tested classifiers , gradient-boosted ensembles of decision trees ( lightGBM32 ) offered the best performance ( Extended Data Fig. 5c , d ) . <p> Two lightGBM classifiers with differing complexity were developed -- the full and compact models . There were 5,278 features generated from the 209 variables in the HiRID data that were ranked according to mean absolute SHAP value31 , which indicates their importance for predictions . The full model uses the top 500 features , originating from 112 variables ( Supplementary Table 4 ) , and the compact model uses 176 features from 16 variables among the top 20 variables ( Table 1 ) that are available in both the HiRID and MIMIC-III datasets . As a baseline , we developed a decision tree using only the last measurement of the variables included in the circulatory-failure definition ( MAP , lactate and dose of vasopressors/inotropes ) , mimicking a threshold-based rule system . The areas under the receiver operator curves ( AUROCs ) of the full , compact and baseline models were 0.940 , 0.939 and 0.883 , respectively ( Fig. 2a ) . For rare events , as in our case , predictions with high precision are more difficult to obtain than low false-positive rates . Hence , the areas under the precision-recall curves ( AUPRCs ) are more informative and were 0.467 , 0.454 , and 0.254 for the full , compact and baseline models , respectively ( Extended Data Fig. 6a ) . The continuous scores are a good proxy for time to failure ( Extended Data Fig. 7a , b ) . After re-calibrating the continuous scores post hoc using isotonic regression , we obtained almost ideal concordance between the score and the observed risk ( Extended Data Fig. 7c ) , with an overall Brier score33 of 0.02 and an area of 0.04 around the ideal calibration curve . We also tested calibration in various patient subgroups , and found that the model is well calibrated for most large patient subgroups , except patients with neurological conditions ( see Supplementary Table 5 ) . <p> a , Receiver-operating characteristic curve for the binary classification task of predicting circulatory failure , comparing the two proposed models with a baseline model . The full model contains 500 features ( composed from 112 variables ) , and the compact model contains 176 features ( composed from 16 variables ) . The baseline model used only variables included in the definition of circulatory failure and is based on a decision tree . b , Precision-recall curve for the circEWS and circEWS-lite alarm systems derived from the full and compact classification model from a. circEWS and circEWS-lite use a 30-min silencing period after every occurring alarm during which no new alarm is triggered . Recall was defined as the fraction of events for which the system correctly raised an alarm from 8 ? h to 5 ? min before the event . Precision was defined as the fraction of alarms that are in a window of 8 ? h prior to a circulatory failure event . c , The fraction of events that correctly trigger an alarm is reported for each 30-min interval during the time period 8 ? h before circulatory failure occurs . d , Top , the distribution of timing of the first alarm in the 8 ? h before an event . The mean time from the first alarm to deterioration was 2 ? h and 32 ? min . Bottom , the distribution of alarms in 8 ? h windows that were not immediately followed by an event . In a -- c , solid curves were derived from the held-out split , variation estimates were derived from n ? = ? 5 independent experiments in the development splits . Prec , precision ; rec , recall . <h> The circulatory early-warning system <p> Our models generate a continuous prediction score every 5 ? min regarding the risk of circulatory failure within the next 8 ? h . A threshold-based warning system derived from this score could lead to alarms every 5 ? min , causing alarm fatigue . We therefore developed an alarm system that implements a silencing policy : once an alarm is triggered , subsequent alarms are suppressed for 30 ? min ( Fig. 1g ) . The system is reset if the patient experiences circulatory failure and recovers . The effects of different factors in the circEWS alarm system are shown in Supplementary Tables 6 -- 8 . We applied this alarm algorithm to the predictions of our full and compact models , and named the resulting systems circEWS and circEWS-lite . The performance of the two systems is shown in Fig. 2b , using precision-recall curves34 ( PRC ) . Recall was defined as the fraction of events with any alarm in the preceding 8 h , and precision as the fraction of alarms which correctly predicted an event . Precision and recall measure performance on the raised alarms and occurring events and are clinically more meaningful than time point-based measures . We observed circEWS and circEWS-lite significantly outperforming the baseline ( Extended Data Fig. 6b ) , also in a reclassification analysis ( Supplementary Table 9 , P ? &lt; ? 0.05 ) . We analyzed the number of alarms of a threshold-based alarm system with alarms triggered by abnormal values in key circEWS-lite variables ( Supplementary Table 10 ) and found that 20 -- 80 times more alarms were generated than by circEWS-lite at the same recall rate ( Extended Data Fig. 6c ) . <p> The recall rate as a function of time before the occurrence of circulatory failure for fixed overall recall and precision is shown in Fig. 2c . We observe an increase in recall closer to the onset of circulatory failure , with 81.8% of the events identified more than 2 ? h in advance . The timeliness of circEWS alarms is illustrated in Fig. 2d , showing the temporal distribution of the first alarms and number of alarms in the 8-h window prior to deterioration . Considering the standard 8-h working shift common in the ICU , this would result in less than 1 alarm per patient per shift occurring , on average , 2 ? h and 32 ? min before circulatory failure . The effect of training set size on model performance was assessed by artificially subsampling patients at random and retraining the model . Model performance decreased with subsampling and did not show obvious saturation effects , even at the full size of the data ( Extended Data Fig. 5a , b ) . <h> Model performance in different patient cohorts <p> In all subsequent analyses with fixed thresholds , we chose a threshold leading to a recall of 90.0% , resulting in a precision of 29.6% for circEWS . <p> We evaluated the performance of circEWS in different cohorts with varying age , gender , severity of illness , acute physiology and chronic health evaluation ( APACHE ) diagnostic groups , and compared medical and surgical as well as elective and emergency admissions ( Fig. 3a -- c and Extended Data Fig. 8a , b ) . We found similar performance across most diagnostic groups , with the exception of patients with neurological conditions , for whom the model performs worse , with an event recall of 76.6% ( compared with 91.2% across other patients ) . For neurosurgical patients , the model exhibits a decreased precision of 8.1% compared with 30.0% in the rest of the patients . Patients with lower APACHE scores ( 0 -- 15 ) have a lower precision of 19.7% compared with 30.5% in the rest of the cohort , which might be explained by their lower event prevalence . Emergency admissions have a lower recall of 88.2% compared with 93.6% for elective admissions , whereas surgical admissions have a higher recall of 92.3% compared with 87.7% in the rest of patients ( Extended Data Fig. 8b ) . The recall rate increases with respect to the length and time since the last event ( Extended Data Fig. 8c , d ) . <p> Fig. 3 : Model performance in different patient cohorts . <p> a -- e , Analyses use the circEWS model with a threshold corresponding to 90% recall ( obtained on patients in the test set ) corresponding to an overall precision of 30% and silencing of new alarms for 30 ? min. a , Recall and precision for patients in different APACHE diagnostic groups . Boxes in the box plot show IQR and the diamonds are outliers with values that lies outside the minimum , maximum range of the whiskers , where minimum = Q1 -- 1.5 ? IQR and maximum = Q3 + 1.5 ? IQR ( Q1 , Q3 and IQR represent the first quartile , the third quartile and the interquartile range , respectively ) . b , Recall and precision for patients , as stratified by APACHE-III score . The notation ( a/d ) under each group name signifies that there were a numbers of patients with events among d numbers of patients in the group . c , Recall and precision as a function of patient age . d , Recall as a function of time since admission . Events ( episodes of circulatory failure ) are stratified on the basis of time lag after ICU admission . Top , the cumulative performance of the model ; that is , at 8 ? h after admission the overall recall of the model is approximately 96% . Bottom , the recall for each indicated time interval . e , AUPRC ( top ) and precision at a fixed threshold ( baseline prevalence shown in red ) ( bottom ) as a function of the year for which the model was trained . Eight models were trained , each using one year of data between 2008 -- 2015 , and were tested on a dataset from 2016 , for which we observe stationarity ( P ? = ? 5 ? 10-5 , n ? = ? 8 years , Dickley -- Fuller test ) . Box plots in a were derived from n ? = ? 6 independent experiments in the temporal splits ; in panels b -- e , solid curves were derived from the held-out split , and variation estimates were derived from n ? = ? 5 independent experiments in the development splits . P values for panels a and b ( dependent 2-sample t test , Benjamini -- Hochberg corrected ) : P ? = ? 0.038 for decreased event recall in patients with neurological conditions , P ? = ? 0.0006 for decreased precision in neurosurgical patients , P ? = ? 0.0004 for lower precision in patients with APACHE scores ( 0 -- 15 ) , P ? = ? 0.039 for lower recall in emergency admissions , P ? = ? 0.039 for higher recall in surgical admissions. n ? = ? 6 independent experiments in the temporal splits were used . <h> Model performance over time <p> Figure 3d shows how the performance of the model varies as time since admission increases . While the overall recall of the model is 90% , the performance is not uniformly distributed across a typical patient 's stay , with recalls of over 95% attained within the first 8 ? h . After the first day , the overall recall of the model drops to around 83% . Using our dataset spanning 8 years , we analyzed how changes in medical practice and patient characteristics may impact model performance in the future . We simulated this by fixing a test set comprised of patients admitted in 2016 , and 8 training sets for patients admitted in each of the years from 2008 to 2015 , with each training set subsampled to have the same size ( 2,366 patients ) . In Fig. 3e , we report the performance of these eight models in terms of AUPRC and precision at fixed recalls ( AUROC shown in Extended Data Fig. 8e ) . We observe an increase in performance the closer in time the test set is to the training set ( Fig. 3e ) . When fitting an autoregressive model to the differences of the AUPRC values , we obtain a first-order term of size 0.14 , which we interpret as the presence of a temporal drift35 . This does not hold for the precision values ( Fig. 3e ) , for which we can assume stationarity ( P = 5 ? 10 -- 5 , n ? = ? 8 years , Dickley -- Fuller test35 ) . <h> Inspection of model features <p> In Fig. 4a , we list the top 15 features by mean absolute SHAP value and show the distribution across all predictions . Features from variables used to define circulatory failure rank highest . The relationship between feature value and SHAP value is illustrated in more detail for the features patient age and MAP in Fig. 4b , c , with further examples in Extended Data Fig. 9 . Table 1 reports the 20 most relevant variables ( a subset of them is used to define circEWS-lite ) . When removing each of these variables in turn , only the removal of lactate noticeably decreased performance ( resulting AUPRC , 0.411 ? ? ? 0.037 ) . Greedy forward selection of variables guided by performance on the validation set confirms lactate and MAP being the most important variables , as is also observed in the analysis based on SHAP values . The model performance begins saturating after adding around ten variables ( Supplementary Table 11 ) . Figure 4e shows the highest-ranking lactate shapelet as an example from the shapelet feature class , illustrating that the SHAP value of this feature increases 5.5 ? h before the onset of deterioration . While these analyses show the overall effect of the features , SHAP values can also be inspected for individual predictions to identify the influential features ( see Extended Data Fig. 1b , c ) . <p> Fig. 4 : Feature inspection . <p> a , The 15 features with highest mean absolute SHAP values . On the y axis , the black violin plot shows the full distribution of the SHAP values for each feature . The dot plot in the foreground shows a color coding of the actual value of the feature , resulting in the SHAP value as indicated on the x axis . The color coding is based on the percentile of the feature value with respect to the whole distribution . b , c , Scatter plots showing the relationship between feature value and SHAP value for the minimal MAP in the last hour ( b ) and for patient age ( c ) . The orange line and shade represents the mean and s.d. of the regression line . The distributions of the SHAP and feature values are shown as histograms on the right and top of the scatter graph . The high variance in the SHAP value for a given feature value indicates a strong influence of other features . d , Precision-recall curves illustrating the performance of the circEWS-lite model on the original test set ( Original ) and on the resampled test set with regular sampling intervals ( Resampled ) , as well as the performance of the circEWS-lite model trained on binarized data in the binarized test set ( Binarized ) . The variation estimate was derived from n ? = ? 5 independent experiments in the temporal splits . e , Shapelet feature illustration . The lactate values are shown over the indicated time since admission . The lactate shapelet shows an increase in its SHAP value ( gray line ) 5.5 ? h before the patient suffers from a circulatory deterioration ( blue arrow ) . The light blue line indicates the feature value that represents the L2 distance between the time series and the shapelet at a 4-h delay . The feature value drops right before the event , increasing the prediction score ( red arrow ) . <p> Training predictive models on observational data is associated with the risk that changing patient management patterns , such as additional monitoring modalities and/or frequency in anticipation of impending circulatory failure , are included as important model features . Such a model may perform well on the previously observed data , but will fail to generalize to scenarios with differing clinician behavior36 . In Supplementary Table 12 , we demonstrate that removing **27;3839;TOOLONG features results in a drop in AUPRC of 0.024 . To further assess the degree to which circEWS may suffer from this fragility , we analyzed the circEWS-lite model performance on an artificially re-sampled test set with regular measurement intervals per variable . The measurement intervals were chosen to match the expected minimal measuring interval for each variable according to standard clinical practice ( Supplementary Table 13 ) . The model performance decreased from 0.60 to 0.55 AUPRC ( Fig. 4d and Extended Data Fig. 10a , b ) . A model comparable to circEWS-lite was trained on a modified HiRID dataset that contained only the binarized feature information , that is , excluding the actual feature values and only providing information on time points of measurements . The performance of this model reduced drastically to 0.20 AUPRC on the original test set ( Fig. 4d ) and to 0.07 AUPRC on the re-sampled test set ( Extended Data Fig. 10a , b ; AUROC is 0.54 , very close to the performance of the random classifier ) . <h> External validation <p> The publicly available ICU dataset MIMIC-III21 was used for external validation . The 16 variables required for circEWS-lite were identified in MIMIC-III ( Table 1 and Supplementary Table 4 ) . We performed identical pre-processing of the MIMIC-III data with minor modifications to account for a lower time-resolution in MIMIC-III . We report the performance of circEWS-lite on the MIMIC-III test set as MIMIC ( validation ) in Fig. 5a , b . Additionally , a model constructed on HiRID was fine-tuned on the MIMIC-III dataset by linearly interpolating its scores with a model trained on the MIMIC-III data ; results are reported as MIMIC ( fine-tuned ) . In both cases , we corrected the label prevalence to be equal to the prevalence in HiRID , enabling comparison of precision in Fig. 5b ( before correction MIMIC-III has 1.8% versus HiRID 3.1% positive labels ) . We observed a slight performance decrease when the circEWS models were applied on MIMIC-III . This can be explained by the higher temporal resolution of HiRID , as shown by the performance of circEWS-lite when trained on an artificially downsampled HiRID dataset to match the time resolution of MIMIC-III ( Fig. 5c ) . As shown in Extended Data Fig. 7e , f , model calibration of both continuous score and alarm system remain suitable when circEWS-lite calibrated on HiRID is directly applied to the MIMIC-III data . <p> Fig. 5 : External validation of circEWS-lite , as tested on the MIMIC-III ICU dataset . <p> a , b , AUROC ( a ) and AUPRC ( b ) for the models . HiRID performance of the circEWS-lite model that was trained and tested on the HiRID dataset . MIMIC ( validation ) , performance of the circEWS-lite model that was trained on the HiRID dataset and tested on the MIMIC-III dataset . MIMIC ( fine-tuned ) , performance of a model pre-trained on the HiRID dataset , then fine-tuned and tested on the MIMIC-III dataset. c , HiRID , AUPRC of the circEWS-lite model that was trained and tested on the HiRID dataset ; HiRID downsampled , AUPRC of the circEWS-lite model trained on the HiRID dataset and tested on a modified HiRID dataset with artificially lowered data resolution equal to the resolution of the MIMIC-III dataset . MIMIC , AUPRC of the circEWS-lite model trained and tested solely on the MIMIC-III dataset . The reported precision on the MIMIC-III dataset was corrected to reflect the different prevalence of endpoints compared with HiRID dataset . The variation estimates were derived from experiments , considering six temporal splits in the HiRID cohort and five splits in the MIMIC-III cohort . <h> Discussion <p> We have demonstrated that two variants of a machine learning-based early-warning system ( circEWS and circEWS-lite ) can predict circulatory failure with very high recall -- only a small fraction of events are missed . Since the prevalence of events is low , it is difficult to achieve a low false-alarm rate . Our system generates 2 -- 3 false alarms per day and patient , which we consider very low compared with other warning systems in clinical practice and low enough to be of clinical utility . circEWS -- based on 500 features from 112 clinical variables -- performed best , but was only marginally better than circEWS-lite -- which is based on 176 features derived from 16 of the 20 most important variables . The performance was similar irrespective of diagnosis , the severity of illness and age -- with a few notable exceptions ( patients with neurological conditions ) . As expected , the recall rate of the model was highest immediately prior to circulatory failure . Nevertheless , most events could be detected several hours in advance . The alarm system was tested in an independent patient group from a different hospital and demonstrated comparable performance as in the development data . <p> The main limitations of our study are related to the single-center design , which creates a risk of overfitting the model to the patient cohort and data at hand . However , the analyzed ICU admissions originate from a population covering the whole spectrum of ICU patients , and the external validation demonstrates the applicability of our model in other ICUs . Further , it was not possible to retrospectively identify patients in whom supra-normal blood pressure values were targeted . High blood-pressure targets are often set to maintain cerebral perfusion pressure in critically ill neurological or neurosurgical patients . These patients can have elevated lactate levels due to localized intracerebral ischemia and sympathetic activation37,38 , and therefore would fulfill our endpoint definition without being in circulatory shock . Their inclusion is likely to impair the model performance , and an inferior performance of circEWS was observed in this patient group . <p> circEWS was constructed with retrospective data collected in a clinical context . Our models rely on features whose presence depends on an active decision to measure by a healthcare provider . Excluding all parameters impacted by the decisions of healthcare providers from model development would eliminate most of our clinical information and is therefore not feasible . This opens up the possibility of bias by intensity of monitoring ( related to bias by indication36 ) , that is , changing patient monitoring patterns in anticipation of impending circulatory failure are included as important model features . Such a model would show a lower performance in a situation in which impending deterioration was not recognized already by a healthcare provider , defeating the purpose of an alarm system . This is especially relevant for prescribed measurements such as lactate , which may only be ordered if there is a concern about a patient . To understand this effect , we re-tested our model on an artificially regularly sampled test set ( simulating the situation where the physician is unaware ) . We observed a small drop in performance compared with the original model , indicating that the model performance is only weakly dependent on bias by monitoring intensity . We also observed that measurement pattern-dependent feature"
"<h> Evernote wo n't let you opt out of employees reading parts of your notes <p> Evernote CEO Chris O'Neill was put on the defensive Thursday as he was forced to explain his company 's new privacy policy following a backlash from users . <p> In an update posted on Evernote 's blog Thursday , O'Neill said the company had "" communicated poorly "" about the changes and attempted to clarify the more controversial parts of the policy , which allows Evernote employees to access user notes . <p> "" Privacy has always been at the heart of Evernote , and we 're as committed as ever to upholding our Three Laws of Data Protection , "" he wrote , referring to the company 's internal policy around how it handles user data . <p> Evernote users have been up in arms ever since the company 's updated privacy policy -- set to kick off in January 2017 -- added a vaguely worded clause that Evernote employees would be able to view portions of users ' notes , as part of Evernote 's efforts to bolster the company 's @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ policy saying the company 's move to machine learning was necessary to "" make our users even more productive "" and that this type of technology only works with some human oversight . <p> From the policy : <p> The latest update to the Privacy Policy allows some Evernote employees to exercise oversight of machine learning technologies applied to account content , subject to the limits described below , for the purposes of developing and improving the Evernote service . <p> This is primarily to make sure that our machine learning technologies are working correctly , in order to surface the most relevant content and features to you . While our computer systems do a pretty good job , sometimes a limited amount of human review is simply unavoidable in order to make sure everything is working exactly as it should . <p> Unsurprisingly , privacy conscious users are n't happy about the idea of Evernote employees being able to read their notes . <p> "" Select Evernote employees may see random content to ensure the features are working properly but they wo n't know who it belongs to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the snippet they 're checking . Not only that , but if a machine identifies any personal information , it will mask it from the employee . "" <p> The company is also providing an opt-out feature , but it only applies to the service 's machine learning capabilities , not to the ability of employees to view your notes . <p> Again , from their policy ( emphasis our own ) : <p> While we think machine learning is a great tool that will help you get the most out of your Evernote experience , we understand that not everyone feels the same way . If you would prefer to opt out of machine learning technologies on your content ( including some which require some human review for oversight purposes ) , you can do so in your account settings , where it says , "" Allow Evernote to use my data to improve my experience . "" If you do opt out , however , you may not be able to get the most out of your Evernote experience . And please note that you can not @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ stated in our Privacy Policy ( under the section , "" Does Evernote Share My Personal Information or Content ? "" ) . <p> Writing Thursday , O'Neill attempted to assuage users ' concerns , saying , "" Evernote employees do not view the content of user notes except in very limited cases . "" <p> "" Like other internet companies , we must comply with legal requirements such as responding to a warrant , investigating violations of our Terms of Service such as reports of harmful or illegal content , and troubleshooting at the request of users . The number of employees who are authorized to view this content is extremely limited by our existing policies , and I am personally involved in defining them . "" <p> Though some users appear to be satisfied with the CEO 's additional explanation , many more were still concerned . <p> @croneill Wholly inadequate . This is arrogant , invasive and technically suspect : "" spot checks "" can be done on test notes , test accounts . <p> Mashable is a global , multi-platform media and entertainment company . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ source for tech , digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe ."
"<h> What 'll It Be ? Emoji ? Textspeak ? Lines Of Computer Code ? <p> When you think about the future of language , you might worry that we 'll all walk around speaking in weird code . Or perhaps that we wo n't speak at all , instead just texting each other all day . But fear not ! In this episode of Futuropolis , we discover that the spoken word ( and words in general ) are n't going anywhere . They 're just morphing in cool and crazy ways . <p> To figure out technology 's role in the future of language , we talk to Fred Benenson , the author of How to Speak Emoji and Emoji Dick , as well as Jerome Pesenti , who 's working with IBM Watson to improve the language abilities of artificial intelligence . <p> And to discover how the past informs the future , we dug into some particularly entertaining archival musings about universal languages and whether slang can really ruin English as we know it . <p> For a glimpse at which languages will survive @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ be speaking in the future , we talk to renowned linguist and political commentator John McWhorter ( who you may know from his discussion on the racially charged meaning of the word "" thug "" following the Baltimore riots ) . <p> Plus : Do n't miss our conversation with David J. Peterson , the man who creates fictitious languages for Hollywood movies and shows like Game of Thrones . <p> If you could speak any language -- real or fictional -- what would it be ? Let us know on Twitter or Facebook , or email us at futuropolis@popsci.com . And be sure to subscribe on iTunes , SoundCloud , or search for Futuropolis on your favorite podcast app . <p> Futuropolis is a biweekly podcast on the Panoply network . Tune in every other Wednesday for more sneak peeks at the future ."
"<h> Please help us continue to provide you with free , quality journalism by turning off your ad blocker on our site . <h> Thank you for signing in . <p> If this is your first time registering , please check your inbox for more information about the benefits of your Forbes account and what you can do next ! <p> I agree to receive occasional updates and announcements about Forbes products and services . You may opt out at any time . <p> I 'd like to receive the Forbes Daily Dozen newsletter to get the top 12 headlines every morning . <p> Forbes takes privacy seriously and is committed to transparency . We will never share your email address with third parties without your permission . By signing in , you are indicating that you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . <p> Autism is defined by the Google GOOGL dictionary as "" a developmental disorder of variable severity that is characterized by difficulty in social interaction and communication and by restricted or repetitive patternsof thought and behavior . "" As a computer scientist , this definition is a bit jarring because it is a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , in the case of AI computers , one is describing the apex of computing and not a developmental disorder . It appears that Elon Musk can feel safe about AI taking over humanity for some period of time . <p> For the last decade , autonomous vehicles have been attempting to become operational with great fanfare with companies such as Waymo(Google) and Musk 's Tesla TSLArolling out solutions . Interestingly , in a similar period of time , an increasing number of people with autism have wanted to join the driving public , and this has prompted research studies on their effectiveness in the driving task . This is reported in an excellent and fascinating New York Times NYT article "" The Challenge of Driving With Asperger 's . "" Several comments in the article are directly on-point relative to autonomous vehicles : <p> Common Sense : "" Obeying rules is generally a good thing , but can be taken too far if rules are applied inflexibly or without taking into context into account . For example , does a "" Stop at White Line ' ' sign mean @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ you need to stop -- or that you should stop every time you come to it ? "" <p> Implied Communication : "" And cooperating with other drivers involves perhaps the hardest task for people with Asperger 's : reading nonverbal social cues . On the road , that happens through the "" gestures ' ' drivers make through the motion of their cars -- by changing lanes boldly or hesitantly , for instance . Those motions amount to signals flashed from driver to driver so routinely that most people are hardly aware of the messages being sent about intention or mood . "" <p> Readiness to Drive : "" According to a survey conducted by Cecilia Feeley , a project manager at the Center for Advanced Infrastructure and Transportation at Rutgers University , only 24 percent of adults with autism -- many of whom described themselves as "" higher functioning "" -- said they were independent drivers , compared with 75 percent of the population as a whole . "" <p> In response to the desire of autistic persons to drive , the autism society points out that there @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is key . To assess their ability to drive , they suggest there are some important factors and skills which should be mastered to drive safety . These include : Motor coordination , Pre-Planning , Flexibility to Change , Ability to Focus , Multi-task , Ability to Prioritize , and Social Judgement . <p> The issues faced by the autism community highly resonate with the critical challenges for autonomous vehicle progress , and are frankly quite fascinating for a computer scientist . Perhaps with the exception of "" motor coordination "" and "" preplanning , "" the rest of the required skills would be a challenge for nearly all autonomous systems today . As pointed out by "" How Safe Is Safe For An AV ? The Answer ( Expectation And Communication ) , "" when one places a car on the road with exactly the same footprint as any other car , it inherits the expectations of a human driver with a base level of skills . Both an autistic driver and an autonomous vehicle face the same expectations . <p> The commonalty begs the question : Is there @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ? Perhaps the most well known scientist from the autism world is Temple Grandin , and she was able to reform livestock handling industry by employing the very unique point-of-view given by her autism . Also , in her book "" Thinking in Pictures : Other Reports from My Life with Autism , "" she referred to her mind as a "" google search on images . "" Interestingly , this is not too far away from the way autonomous vehicles operate . It appears the unique insights from the autism community may be very helpful . <p> Finally , the commonality brings up a more basic question : Should n't AVs pass at least the same tests as outlined in the guideline from the autism institute ? It seems somehow illogical that one would allow an AV on the road in a situation where there was a determination that a human should not drive . <p> I am a seasoned scientist who has had significant roles in the world of academia , startups , and fortune 500 companies . Early in my career , I designed complex computer <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ significant roles in the world of academia , startups , and fortune 500 companies . Early in my career , I designed complex computer systems as a CPU designer at DEC . They were very difficult to validate and the cost for failure was very high . Realizing the utility of solving this problem , I transitioned to become an executive at Cadence Design Systems where I ran groups which solved the validation problem . Along the way , I have successfully built startups in areas such as wireless power , machine learning , and low-power electronics design . Most recently , I have leveraged nearly 35 years of experience to build an academic research team which focuses on the AV Safety problem . I have a BS ( 1984 ) and MS ( 1985 ) from CMU and Phd from Harvard University ( 1994 ) ."
"<h> It 's Time to Push Tech Forward , and Rebuild What It Broke <p> In 1904 , a group of Canadian workers began the hard slog of constructing the world 's longest bridge , across the Saint Lawrence River just south of the city of Quebec . It was a wildly ambitious project . And it was n't just for the Quebecois : Railroads were revolutionizing commerce and communications , and the bridge would connect people and allow trains to run from New Brunswick in the east to Winnipeg in the west . <p> The river was 190 feet deep at the center , and ice piled high above the water 's surface in the winter . Nothing about the bridge 's construction would be easy . The engineers chose a complex cantilever design , a cutting-edge approach but a cost-efficient one too . Ambition creates risks , and warning signs started to appear . The steel trusses weighed more than expected . Some of the lower chords of the bridge seemed misaligned or bent . Workers raised concerns . But the project 's leaders pressed ahead . <p> Exactly 100 years later , in February 2004 , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ His ambition was nothing less than to remake the internet around personal relationships and then to remake the world around Facebook . When the company filed to go public in 2012 , he published a letter to potential investors . "" Facebook was not originally created to be a company . It was built to accomplish a social mission -- to make the world more open and connected , "" he wrote . "" We do n't build services to make money ; we make money to build better services . "" An open and connected world , he wrote , would make the economy stronger and businesses better . Facebook was building a bridge and relentlessly increasing its span . <p> One day in August 1907 , several years into the construction of the bridge over the Saint Lawrence River , calamity struck in the space of 15 seconds . Every major section of the structure 's nearly complete southern half collapsed . Workers were crushed or swept into the current . Another group of men found temporary safety but drowned under the rising tide . In all , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ nearby Kahnawake reserve . <p> By now , you surely see where I 'm going with this . In 2016 , Facebook was struck by calamity too . The core algorithm of the company 's News Feed was weaponized by Russian operatives and purveyors of fake news . A platform designed for connecting people turned out to be a remarkable accelerant for political divisions . The election was a mess , whatever your politics , and Facebook was partly to blame . The company 's philosophy -- move fast and break things -- was fine when the only thing at stake was whether your aunt could reconnect with her high school ex . That philosophy lost its roguish charm when democracy itself was up for grabs . Then , in 2018 , Facebook faced the worst crisis of its short existence when news broke that a shady political outfit called Cambridge Analytica had siphoned off data from nearly 100 million users of the platform . <p> For several years now , we 've been living in a time of intense backlash against the technology industry . It 's not clear @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a date , November 8 , 2016 , is n't a bad one . Within six months of the election , Molotov cocktails were being chucked at the captains of Silicon Valley from all directions -- and employees of the biggest tech companies were among those lighting the wicks . Antitrust law , disdained for decades , suddenly became exciting . Worries that had been playing as background music in society for years -- online privacy , the fears of artificial intelligence taking jobs -- began to crescendo . Ad targeting was redefined as surveillance capitalism . Self-driving cars were redefined as death traps . #DeleteUber became a meme . The reputation of an entire industry tanked , just as had happened eight years earlier to finance . In 2016 , WIRED ran a photograph of Mark Zuckerberg on the cover with the line "" Could Facebook Save Your Life ? "" Fifteen months later , we ran a photo-illustration of him bloodied and bruised . No words were necessary . <p> There 's no question that the tech industry had it coming . It had become arrogant . The @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ become enchanted with their own virtuous self-image . They spoke like Saint Francis in public while privately worshipping Mammon . In hindsight , Facebook 's missionary IPO letter reads like a parody . But the backlash has included some gratuitous swipes too . Take self-driving cars . They do n't text while driving ; they do n't drink . If we can get them to work , they 'll save tens of thousands of lives a year . Almost everything we do has become simpler , easier , and more efficient in some way because of software . Even Facebook deserves a certain sympathy as it tries to juggle the conflicting priorities of privacy , transparency , and safety -- as the public demands perfection on all three . <p> Advertisement <p> Now let 's return to the Quebec bridge . After the catastrophe , the site became a place of pilgrimage and , eventually , renewal . The Canadian government needed the railway link , and it took over the design and construction of the bridge . New plans were drawn up , involving stronger supports and a new @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ went up and stood strong . By 1916 , the only major task remaining was to link the two sides with a 5,000-ton center span . It was maneuvered into place via tugboat , and soon the workers began to lift it up with huge hangers . But once more , calamity struck . The hoisting system failed , and the giant centerpiece plunged into the river , taking 13 workers with it . <p> Soon , though , the Canadian government 's engineers tried a third time . Many lives had been lost , but connecting the two sides of the river remained essential for the country 's prosperity . So the builders reconstructed the collapsed center span and , just three years after the second collapse , the Prince of Wales presided over its opening . The bridge held . Soon , cars and trains were crossing the same river in which so many people had died . For a century , it has stood as the longest cantilever bridge in the world . Quebec and Canada have prospered for it . <p> The Quebec Bridge across the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ More important , the collapses became an ethical touchstone . A professor named H. E. T. Haultain decided that he wanted to commemorate the story , and he called on the poet and author Rudyard Kipling , who had previously written an ode to engineers , for help . Haultain worked with Kipling and the leaders of Canada 's main engineering universities to develop what 's called "" The Ritual of the Calling of an Engineer . "" And for nearly a century , graduates have gone through a ceremony in which they recite their obligations to their craft : "" I will not henceforward suffer or pass , or be privy to the passing of , Bad Workmanship or Faulty Material in aught that concerns my works before mankind as an Engineer , or in my dealings with my own Soul before my Maker . "" <p> At the end of the ceremony , they are given iron rings to wear as a reminder of these obligations : Move slow and get things right . According to myth , the first of these rings were forged from pieces of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ pinky finger of the dominant hand , so that they click on the table when the engineer signs or stamps a blueprint . <p> Advertisement <p> The culture of civil engineers has always been different from the culture of software engineers . The former are formally certified and regulated ; the latter can learn their craft from scratch in their basement . And there 's good reason for civil engineers to demand more rigor than their software engineer brethren . If you make a mistake in a line of code , you can fix it from your chair . Repairing a steel beam submerged in an icy river is a different matter . Software companies grow , too , according to the logic of network effects and increasing returns to scale . They have to move fast if they want to thrive . Such rules and logic rarely , if ever , apply in the physical world . <p> You have to think through what could go wrong instead of assuming everything will go right . <p> So , yes , the cultures have to be different . And the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ failure in execution ; Facebook 's problem was more a failure of imagination and the inability to see how the platform could be used for harm . <p> That said , Silicon Valley , and software engineers everywhere , could still learn something from the culture that asks its adherents to wear those iron rings . Tech companies operate in digital worlds , but their actions have consequences in the physical one . And when you build things , you are responsible to the people who use them . You have to think through what could go wrong instead of assuming everything will go right . You have to build as if you have a ring forged from a shattered bridge on your pinky . <p> Sometimes systems crack , and then they shatter . But sometimes the crack leads to the remedy . And that 's what we need now : a coming together of many tribes to fix the mess we 're in , and to learn from the mistakes the industry has made . We need action from governments , builders , users , people inside Silicon @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ The point is n't to stop progress but to enable it . Much of the magic in our lives comes from software : the music we hear , the movies we watch , the stories we tell . We live longer , eat better , and keep in our pockets computers more powerful than the supercomputers that guided the first people in space . We can record police abuses with our smartphones and hold power to account . Gene editing could help us feed the planet ; we may send people to Mars ; technological acumen is redefining global politics . A thousand inefficient businesses have been pulled up from the roots , as better ideas have sprung from the soil . <p> And that 's what this issue is about : the builders who understand the consequences of their choices . It 's about people who recognize the awesome responsibility of the technological powers bequeathed to us by our predecessors . There 's Kate Darling , whose research is redefining the way we think about our moral responsibilities to robots . There 's Patrick Collison , who , along @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that makes it vastly easier for people all over the world to start businesses and process payments without tearing down the entire financial system . There 's Laura Boykin , using pocket-DNA sequencing to save Africa 's cassava crop . There 's Eva Galperin , protecting her fellow hackers from stalkerware and authoritarians . There 's Moriba Jah , working to map the garbage orbiting our planet . <p> These are people who build things fast but who are also fixing things . They 're using technology to take us to new places . They 're thinking deeply -- but not to the point of paralysis -- about the problems society faces and the ways that technology can help . They 're people who realized that the bridge they were building may have collapsed , but rather than abandon it , they built it anew with forethought . Or , as the ceremony of the Iron Ring requires one to pledge , "" My Time I will not refuse ; my Thought I will not grudge ; my Care I will not deny towards the honour , use , stability @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ called to set my hand . "" <p> Join us for the return of the WIRED25 Festival , lively stage chats and workshops with luminaries and icons , from Chris Evans and N. K. Jemisin to Stewart Butterfield and NSA cybersecurity head Anne Neuberger . <p> WIRED is where tomorrow is realized . It is the essential source of information and ideas that make sense of a world in constant transformation . The WIRED conversation illuminates how technology is changing every aspect of our lives -- from culture to business , science to design . The breakthroughs and innovations that we uncover lead to new ways of thinking , new connections , and new industries ."
"<h> GOP Senator Says Do n't Let Chinese Students Study STEM in U.S. <p> ( Bloomberg ) -- Republican Senator Tom Cotton lit up social media on Sunday by suggesting Chinese students should n't be allowed to study science and technology at U.S. universities , and should focus on Shakespeare instead . <p> The Arkansas lawmaker deemed it a "" scandal "" that China 's "" brightest minds "" study in the U.S. only to return home "" to compete for our jobs , to take our business , and ultimately to steal our property . "" <p> "" We need to take a very hard look at the visas that we give the Chinese nationals to come to the United States to study , especially at the post-graduate level in advanced scientific and technological fields , "" Cotton said on Fox News Channel 's "" Sunday Morning Futures . "" <p> The students should be allowed "" to come here and study Shakespeare and the Federalist Papers , that 's what they need to learn from America , "" he said . "" They do n't need to learn quantum computing and artificial intelligence from America . "" <p> Fox News correspondent Maria Bartiromo agreed it was important to "" make sure people understand the culture of America . "" <p> The poet and playwright William Shakespeare , often regarded as the greatest writer in the English language , was born and died in Stratford-Upon-Avon in England ."
"<h> The Loss of Privacy , and What to Do About It <p> Privacy is not the problem . The problem is not being surveilled , but being poorly served . <p> Uber ca n't figure out where I live . It picks me up at home , but because I am often dropped off across the street , the Uber app thinks that my address is different for pickup and dropoff , and it regularly takes byzantine routes to comply with its error . And the rest of the internet is equally incompetent . <p> If I buy underwear I spend the next year inundated with underwear ads despite the fact that having just bought underwear it is the thing I am now least likely to buy . The fact that Uber knows where I live and Amazon knows what underwear I like does not hurt the quality of my life anywhere near as much as the fact that they have no idea what to do with the data they so aggressively collect . <p> What we are losing to the internet is not primarily privacy -- that we have furiously thrown away -- it is intimacy . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ much better it is to have a friend than to be friended , how much more exciting to undress each other than to send genital selfies . <p> I am not frightened of the Chinese dystopia , or the coming Googlocracy ; it is those hordes jaywalking with their faces buried in their phones that scare the data outta me . <p> David BermanNew York <p> To the Editor : <p> The Times 's superb coverage of privacy in the digital age might further document those people who do n't blindly champion a digital world that has become a blitzkrieg of privacy invasion , social engineering , assaulting marketing and cowboy capitalism overseen by unaccountable lords of big data . <p> I am not an A.T.M . for profiteers who now invade by landline , cellphone , email and text whenever they wish and how often they choose . I am not data points from which to predict my behavior and politics . I am not a rat in their Skinner box and refuse to be one . <p> The world will tether itself to the digital age , but @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ With the coming onslaught of "" smart devices , "" robotics and artificial intelligence dominating human interactions and decision-making , tradeoffs will become clearer . Contrary to expectations , more people might join the ranks of "" dumb people "" like me who say "" no . "" <p> Michael T. BucciDamariscotta , Me . <p> To the Editor : <p> I applaud The Times for devoting precious resources to an important issue like The Privacy Project . I am excited to follow this series and consider the implications and opposing viewpoints . However , I wish there had been an introductory piece laying out the facts of the situation . <p> I do not believe I am in the minority when I say that it would be helpful to explain the following : Where are some of the most common places from which data is gathered from the average American ? What type of data is gathered ? To whom is this data sold ? Through whose hands does it pass -- how many companies , agencies , etc. ? What are some of the ways in which it @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ existence ? <p> With this basis and understanding , I believe that your opinion pieces will have more impact , the debate will be more robust and readers will be more thoughtful in their daily lives . <p> I was very surprised to learn from the article by the publisher , A.G. Sulzberger , that when I read the newspaper online or on the app , The Times is tracking me to send me targeted ads . I had thought it was just my browser that was tracking me . I would like to read the newspaper anonymously , just as I read the print edition , to which I subscribe . I 'd even pay extra for no online tracking . <p> I do n't want The Times to "" improve "" my experience . <p> Jay M. PasachoffWilliamstown , Mass . <p> To the Editor : <p> The Times has done a great service by exposing how pervasive , egregious and pernicious surveillance capitalism is . There are a number of steps people can take to greatly increase privacy . <p> On your phone , with Google and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ your location data will no longer be stored in Google 's Sensorvault . One can use browsers or plug-ins that make the use of tracking by cookies more difficult , and one can use the private browsing feature . Most apps and web services have the ability to turn off tracking . <p> We do n't absolutely need Facebook and Instagram and can also limit their use of sharing data . The Times could do a great service by printing instructions on how to do this . <p> Just say no ! <p> Robert SwartzHighland Park , Ill . <p> To the Editor : <p> Thank you for The Privacy Project . A suggestion : Congress should create a new federal Department of Privacy Rights . It would monitor privacy issues in the public and private sectors , recommend legislation , educate the public about their rights and address safety issues . We need a national advocate with the ability to take action . <p> Paul FeinerGreenburgh , N.Y . <p> A version of this article appears in print on , on Page A22 of the New York edition with @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Privacy . Order Reprints Today 's Paper Subscribe"
"<p> Research from Google and Gallup has found that black students are less likely to have access to computer-science classes at school and are less likely to use a computer at home or school , despite being more interested in learning about the subject than their white counterparts . <p> The findings , based on a survey of 16,000 students , parents , teachers , principals and superintendents , highlight demographic inequalities in K-12 computer-science education . <p> Just 47 percent of black students say they have dedicated computer-science classes , compared with 58 percent of white students and 59 percent of Hispanic students . White students also have greater access to computers than Hispanic and black students . <p> About 80 percent of black , white , and Hispanic students who have learned computer science , have done so in a class at school . However , more black students report learning in groups outside school , perhaps reflecting a response to the lack of availability in the classroom . <p> There are large differences in what devices black , white , and Hispanic students use at @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ computer at home on a daily basis , compared with 30 percent and 26 percent of black and Hispanic students , respectively . <p> Meanwhile , daily usage of a smartphone or tablet is highest for black students at 81 percent , compared with 74 percent and 72 percent for white and Hispanic students , respectively . <p> Additionally , about half of black and Hispanic students report using their phone or tablet for more than five hours a day , while just 27 percent of white students say they use these devices for this amount of time . <p> Daily usage of computers among all males is also a strong indicator for who reported being "" very interested "" in learning computer science , the study found . <p> Specifically , 40 percent of males who use a computer daily report being very interested in computer science , but that figure drops to 25 percent for those who use a computer on some days . This finding does n't hold true for females . Just 17 percent of females report being very interested in CS , regardless of how frequently @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ attributable to male and female students using computers at home for different purposes , "" the study 's authors speculate . <p> "" For example , male students might be more likely to use computers to play video games , where they are exposed to computer science ideas via creation ; on the other hand , female students may use computers more for social media , which could be more passive consumption . "" <p> The other major reason for lower interest in computer science among girls may be due to boys receiving more encouragement from teachers , parents , and the media to pursue studies in the field . For example , 46 percent of male students have been told by a parent that they will be good at CS , compared with just 27 percent of female students . <p> This finding is also borne out by differing levels of confidence , with 65 percent of males reporting being very confident that they can learn computer science if they want to , compared with 45 percent of females . <p> The findings may offer reasons other than recruitment bias @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and Asian males . <p> However , the availability of computer-science classes that include programming and coding has increased , with 40 percent of K-12 principals reporting an increase compared with 25 percent last year . The proportion of schools that offer robotics or artificial intelligence using programming has also risen from 22 percent last year to 30 percent this year . <p> While many schools offer access to computer science through school clubs and as part of other classes , specific classes are common only at 9th grade and higher . At that level , 43 percent of schools offer one to two classes , 27 percent offer three to five classes , and eight percent offer more than five classes . <p> Barriers to wider availability of computer-science classes include a lack of perceived demand from parents , a lack of skilled teachers , and a lack of funding , the study found . For example , while 84 percent of parents say computer science should be compulsory like math and science , only 28 percent of parents have pushed the school to offer it ."
"<h> Ohio Using AI to Cut Potential Red Tape <p> The state of Ohio is going high-tech to weed out what could be considered overly burdensome government rules . An agency is using an artificial intelligence program to sift through hundreds of thousands of regulations . <p> The AI program will sort and analyze data collected from every page of Ohio 's laws and administrative code . Staff will then go through the data to determine redundancies and outdated rules . <p> Lt. Gov . Jon Husted ( R-Ohio ) says this will streamline a job that would take humans months or years to accomplish . <p> "" Ohio has been writing laws and regulations for over 200 years and nobody has really gone in and cleaned out all of the clutter , "" says Husted . <p> This is a project through the Ohio Common Sense Initiative which is designed to cut down on regulations . <p> Husted says the cost is capped at $1.2 million but is expected to cost less and end up saving money in the long run ."
"<h> The second stage of mobile dominance is now beginning , says an Andreessen Horowitz partner <h> Written by <h> Obsession <h> Share <h> Written by <h> Obsession <p> The questions of what will they look like and who will control them are now answered . The next two decades , predicts Benedict Evans , a partner at venture-capital firm Andreessen Horowitz , will be how smartphones redefine myriad industries from automobiles to ecommerce . <p> "" The platform wars are over , "" says Evans in an interview . Google 's Android and Apple 's iOS run on roughly 2.4 billion phones and 700 million tablets . Now that the second stage of mobile development is starting , the question becomes : "" What can we build with this ? "" <p> "" Every adult will have an interconnected supercomputer in their pocket , "" he said then . Apps , social , cameras , and augmented reality are already in the mobile experience . These , along with new capabilities , such as motion sensors and general purpose machine learning , will open up totally new ways @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> Evans sees retailers meeting the same the unhappy fate that greeted newspapers over the last 20 years : rising fixed costs , falling revenue , and unbundling of their profitable products as people 's buying habits shifted . Cars , says Evans , are tracing the evolution that met cellular phones this decade . With phones , we saw hardware turn into a commodity , software gain value , and the nature of the device almost unrecognizable from its original definition ."
"<p> Join 200,000 entrepreneurs , innovators and CEOs who rely on our weekly trend report to stay ahead of the crowd.You 'll get special access to premium content and trend research that can not be found anywhere else . <h> LG CNS ' Facial Recognition Payments Combine AI &amp; Blockchain <p> Facial recognition payment systems , unstaffed retail stores and contact-free payment systems were being implemented before the ongoing pandemic but these technologies promise to be more useful than ever , especially as people and businesses adapt to a new reality . LG CNS is piloting a new payment solution at a convenience store within its company headquarters that implements facial recognition , a blockchain-based digital currency and artificial intelligence technology . <p> At the unstaffed convenience store , the face-based digital currency payments save shoppers from having to check out in close proximity to others or employees and minimize unnecessary contact with surfaces in the store . Notably , LG CNS ' video showing the system in operation shows the system 's ability to recognize customers even if they are wearing accessories like a mask or sunglasses ."
"<h> Dovetale wants to let brands of any size use influencer marketing <h> 0 <p> Influencer marketing is red-hot right now . Whether you realize it or not , a material percentage of your Instagram feed today is probably content posted by people getting paid .... a lot . It 's not unheard of for the platform 's most popular accounts to get paid over $100,000 per post , and major brands collectively are spending an estimated $255 million per month on sponsored posts on Instagram alone . <p> Why will brands pay this much ? Because it works . But for the most part influencer marketing is still only being used by big brands , because the infrastructure just is n't there yet to let the smaller guys participate . <p> Meet Dovetale , an influencer marketing platform built for the masses . The company is one of the first to graduate from Expa Labs , an offshoot of Expa , the New York and San Francisco-based startup studio founded by Uber co-founder Garrett Camp in 2014 . <p> Dovetale 's platform lets brands and agencies do four @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ for branded content . Essentially they want to provide a self-service platform that consolidates the manual steps brands typically have to take in order to find and work with an influencer . <p> Discover is exactly what it sounds like -- the tool lets you specify parameters like follower count , audience location and demographic so you can find influencers whose posts will be seen by the exact demographic you want to advertise to . Combined these parameters will let you do something like say I need a personal trainer who has 20,000 followers who are mostly under 21 , and live in the U.S. Previously brands and agencies would have to search manually through databases of influencers -- Dovetale wants to make it as easy as a Google search . <h> manage <h> search <h> recs <h> measure <h> pay <p> Within Discover also a cool feature called recommendations that lets you upload an image you like , and Dovetale will use image recognition and machine learning to crawl the web looking for other influencers who post content like the kind you uploaded -- even if they are @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is how the startup shows brands how their posts are performing . After specifying which posts were sponsored by you , Dovetale will tell you how many times it was liked , commented on , etc -- so you can track and graph engagement over time and compare it between posts . <p> Lastly , Manage and Pay are designed to help brands manage influencers during and after campaigns . You can see a list of all the influencers you work with , what their current "" reach "" is , and even distribute a one-time payment for a campaign . Dovetale uses Stripe and charges 2.5% on all transfers , and is even working to provide all influencers with a 1099 tax form so you do n't have to worry about it . <p> Dovetale charges brands and agencies monthly for use of the entire platform , with three plans costing $199 , $499 , or $999 per month . The only differentiator is that the least expensive option does n't include demographic analytics ( so you 'd have to manually choose which influencers you think best fit @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" recommendations "" , which is the processing-heavy image recognition that searches for influencers outside of Dovetale 's database . <p> While $199 may seem like a lot , it 's important to understand that this monthly fee essentially lets a small brand work with influencers across every social platform -- something that used to require an advertising agency or big in-house marketing team to accomplish . Now anyone from an Etsy jewelry shop to a new coffee shop in Brooklyn can get access to high-quality influencers that will work to drive audiences to their brand . <p> OverviewExpa is comprised of companies at various stages being worked on by some of the best entrepreneurs in the world . From the Partners who have built products and services used by hundreds of millions of people , to the individuals at each existing company , Expa provides critical guidance that will increase your companies chances of success . The program is designed to maximize time spent on your company , ... <p> OverviewMavrck 's influence marketing platform powers premier consumer brands to drive more sales on social . The company @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ major brands to identify and activate their most influential customers across social networks at scale . <p> OverviewInstagram is a free photo sharing application that enables its users to take photos , apply filters , and share them on social networks such as Facebook , Twitter , Foursquare , Tumblr , Flickr , and Posterous . It allows its users to capture and customize their photos and videos with several custom-built filter effects . Developed by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , Instagram is compatible with all iOS ..."
"<p> French energy giant Total and Google Cloud have teamed up to accelerate the expansion of solar energy in Europe and across the world . <p> The pair have developed a tool -- Solar Mapper -- that will use artificial intelligence technology to rapidly estimate the solar energy potential of homes in Europe , and then worldwide , Total said on Tuesday . The tool , which will accelerate the deployment of solar panels , will also be developed to include industrial and commercial buildings , the company added . <p> It is part of Total 's ambition to become net-zero on emission by 2050 and a world leader in renewable energy . Google owner Alphabet has its own long-term target to operate carbon-free by 2030 , and is also investing in technologies to help 500 cities reduce carbon emissions . <p> "" Solar Mapper will enable Total to faster deploy solar panels on the houses ' roofs , in order to provide its customers with more affordable and more accessible solar energy , "" said the French company 's chief technology officer Marie-No ? lle S ? m ? @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the worst hit throughout the Covid-19 pandemic , due to collapsed demand . The crisis has also accelerated the industry 's shift toward green energy , with BP and Royal Dutch Shell both ramping up low-carbon strategies . In May , Total unveiled its own target -- matching that of BP and Shell -- of becoming carbon net zero by 2050 . <p> Last month , the French group announced plans to hike renewables and electricity investments to $3 billion a year by 2030 , from the current $2 billion a year . Total said it plans to invest heavily in solar and onshore and offshore wind . The company strengthened its position in the Spanish market at the end of last month as it agreed to develop 3.3 gigawatts of solar projects close to Madrid and Andalusia . <p> Looking ahead . The renewable energy race is well and truly on . The industry 's major players are all making significant moves to position themselves at the forefront of the green revolution . BP bought stakes in two U.S. wind farm developments last month in a deal with Norway @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ fairly high price . Shell is cutting up to 9,000 jobs and currently preparing its full strategy , with reports it could cut spending on oil-and-gas production by up to 40% . <p> Total is clearly serious about solar , as well as wind power , and its link up with Alphabet 's Google Cloud is further evidence of that . With Democratic challenger for the U.S. presidency Joe Biden proposing to install 500 million solar panels in the U.S. in the next five years , and China potentially increasing installations in its new five-year plan , Total 's new tool and its expertise in solar leaves it well set to capitalize . <p> This copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law . For non-personal use or to order multiple copies , please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com."
"<p> Researchers from Moorfields Eye Hospital , Homerton NHS Trust , and University College London find EyeArt System to have 100% sensitivity in detecting vision-threatening retinopathy <p> May 19 , 2020 03:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time <p> LOS ANGELES-- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) --Eyenuk , Inc. announced today that the British Journal of Ophthalmology published the research paper titled "" Diagnostic Accuracy of Diabetic Retinopathy Grading by An Artificial Intelligence-Enabled Algorithm Compared with a Human Standard for Wide-Field True-Colour Confocal Scanning and Standard Digital Retinal Images "" . According to this independent research paper with authors from the Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust , the University College London Institute of Ophthalmology , and the Homerton University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust , Eyenuk 's EyeArt AI Eye Screening System achieved 92%-100% sensitivity in diabetic retinopathy ( DR ) detection with multiple retinal imaging platforms . <p> A total of consecutive 1,257 patients attending annual diabetic eye screening in the UK were included in the study . The EyeArt System processed images acquired by CenterVue 's EIDON platform with state-of-the-art wide-field true-color confocal scanning technology , as well as images acquired by standard cameras in the English National Diabetic Eye Screening Programme ( NDESP ) . The reference standard for analysis was the human grade of standard NDESP images carried out according to NDESP protocol . With EIDON images , the EyeArt System achieved sensitivities of 92.27% for any retinopathy , 99% for vision-threatening retinopathy and 100% for proliferative retinopathy . Corresponding EyeArt sensitivities for NDESP images were 92.26% for any retinopathy , 100% for vision-threatening retinopathy and 100% for proliferative retinopathy . <p> This study was conducted without any involvement by Eyenuk . "" All processing of the screening episodes was performed by the research team . The vendor was not allowed access to the software or to the data set during the study period , "" authors wrote in the publication . "" With this impressive performance , if the EyeArt software were to be hypothetically deployed as a part of the English NDESP , the EyeArt could reduce the need to grade R0M0 by half when using EIDON images and by almost two-thirds when using the NDESP images , a considerable workload reduction . "" <p> The UK has been leading the world in diabetic retinopathy screening , achieving patient uptake rates of over 80% ( screening nearly 2.5 million diabetes patients annually ) in England1 , as compared with most parts of the world where typically less than half of diabetes patients receive annual eye screening.2 As a result , diabetic retinopathy is no longer the leading cause of blindness in the working age group in England.3 <p> "" Validation results from the world 's leading diabetic retinopathy screening program once again confirm EyeArt System 's strong diagnostic accuracy and its potential to significantly reduce human workload for DR screening , "" said Kaushal Solanki , Ph.D. , Founder and CEO of Eyenuk . "" We are equally excited to learn that the EyeArt System is shown to be accurate and highly sensitive when used to analyze EIDON images for diabetic retinopathy screening per the English NDESP protocol . True-color wide-field confocal scanning is a novel technology , and we are confident that EyeArt performance can be further optimized for this exciting imaging innovation . "" <p> About the EyeArt ? AI Eye Screening System <p> The EyeArt AI Eye Screening System provides fully automated DR screening , including retinal imaging , DR grading on international standards and immediate reporting , in a single office visit during a diabetic patient 's regular exam . Once the patient 's fundus images have been captured and submitted to the EyeArt AI System , the DR screening results are available in a PDF report in less than 60 seconds . <p> The EyeArt AI System was developed with funding from the U.S. National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and is validated by the U.K. National Health Service ( NHS ) . The EyeArt AI System has CE marking as a class 2a medical device in the European Union and a Health Canada license . In the U.S. , the EyeArt AI System is limited by federal law to investigational use . It is designed to be General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) compliant . <p> Eyenuk , Inc. is a global artificial intelligence ( AI ) medical technology and services company and the leader in real-world AI Eye Screening for autonomous disease detection and AI Predictive Biomarkers ? for risk assessment and disease surveillance . Eyenuk 's first autonomous AI product , the EyeArt AI Eye Screening System , is the most extensively validated AI technology for autonomous detection of DR . Eyenuk is on a mission to screen every eye in the world to ensure timely diagnosis of life- and vision-threatening diseases , including diabetic retinopathy , glaucoma , age-related macular degeneration , stroke risk , cardiovascular risk and Alzheimer 's disease . Find Eyenuk online on its website , Twitter , Facebook , and LinkedIn."
"<p> Familiarity breeding contempt hits home in the results of a new study into the security threat from apps on Google Play . The research , conducted by the University of Sydney and CSIRO 's Data61 , has unearthed thousands of dangerous apps hiding in plain sight in the online store , tricking users by mimicking popular alternatives . The study used artificial intelligence to identify likely counterfeits , before testing them for malware and other vulnerabilities . <p> The study deployed a neural network to examine both the design of icons and the wording in descriptions , reviewing "" 1.2 million apps "" to identify "" potential counterfeits for the top 10,000 apps . "" It found "" 2,040 potential counterfeits that contain malware in a set of 49,608 apps that showed high similarity to one of the top 10,000 popular apps in the Google Play Store . "" The research also found "" 1,565 potential counterfeits asking for at least five additional dangerous permissions than the original app and 1,407 potential counterfeits having at least five extra third-party advertisement libraries . "" <p> The use of pre-trained AI algorithms to evaluate style and content "" outperforms many @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ similar app icons , "" and on the large dataset of more than 1.2 million app icons , the study 's methods achieve "" 8%-12% higher precision "" than alternatives . <p> "" Many counterfeits can be identified once installed , "" the authors explain , "" however even a tech-savvy user may struggle to detect them before installation , "" thus the idea to try the "" novel approach of combining content embeddings and style embeddings generated from pre-trained convolutional neural networks to detect counterfeit apps . "" <p> The study found that the 2,040 most dangerous counterfeits "" were marked by at least five commercial antivirus tools as malware , "" although , encouragingly , 6-10 months since we discovered the apps , 27%-46% of the potential counterfeits we identified are not available in Google Play Store , potentially removed due to customer complaints . "" <p> None of this should come as a surprise -- the insecurity of apps on both Android and iOS has been very much in the headlines recently . <p> Last year , Buzzfeed News reported that "" eight apps with a total @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ store have been exploiting user permissions as part of an ad fraud scheme that could have stolen millions of dollars . "" All eight apps were Chinese in origin , with seven from a single developer , Cheetah Mobile . "" The companies claim more than 700 million active users per month for their mobile apps . "" <p> And this month alone , Davey Winder reported for Forbes on the threat from mobile applications , leaving "" iPhone and iPad users not as secure as they might imagine , with their personal data at risk . "" ZDNet has reported that "" three-quarters of mobile applications have vulnerabilities relating to insecure data storage , leaving both Android and Apple iOS users open to cyber attacks . "" And TechCrunch has reported on vulnerabilities even in U.S. mobile banking apps . <p> Smartphone users can not claim that they 're not being warned . <p> Both Google and Apple continue to fight the good fight to keep their ecosystems secure , and on Android Google Play Protect has been designed to guard against just such vulnerabilities . Google has also @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of new policies to protect users from new abuse trends , detected and removed malicious developers faster , and stopped more malicious apps from entering the Google Play Store than ever before . The number of rejected app submissions increased by more than 55% , and we increased app suspensions by more than 66% . "" <p> The use of AI to moderate content and promote internet safety has been catapulted into the news by social media 's woes in the last 12 months . Projects like Google 's Jigsaw are a sign of things to come . This study is a start on applying the same thinking to a different realm , but one that struggles with the same issues of scale and user naivety . <p> Ultimately , there 's no substitute for common sense and treating apps from unknown sources as potential threats . And that means checking carefully , not clicking casually . We carry all of the most valuable and private information we have on our smartphones , and we gladly give those devices access to the cloud storage where we store the rest . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ where we bank and spend . That 's worth remembering before inviting strangers into our virtual homes and giving them permission to roam around simply because they ask nicely ."
"<p> More than 3,000 Google employees have signed an open letter to management , urging the company to pull out of a Pentagon program that uses artificial intelligence to aid with video imagery used by drones . <p> The letter , which was published by the New York Times , has more than 3,000 signatures , according to the paper , protesting the company 's involvement in Project Maven . <p> In a statement provided to MarketWatch , a Google spokesperson said : "" An important part of our culture is having employees who are actively engaged in the work that we do . We know that there are many open questions involved in the use of new technologies , so these conversations - with employees and outside experts - are hugely important and beneficial . <p> "" Maven is a well publicized DoD project and Google is working on one part of it - specifically scoped to be for non-offensive purposes and using open-source object recognition software available to any Google Cloud customer . The models are based on unclassified data only . The technology is used to flag @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and save people from having to do highly tedious work . <p> "" Any military use of machine learning naturally raises valid concerns . We 're actively engaged across the company in a comprehensive discussion of this important topic and also with outside experts , as we continue to develop our policies around the development and use of our machine learning technologies . "" <p> The open letter to Google , a unit of Alphabet Inc . GOOGL , +0.28% is reproduced below : <p> Dear Sundar , <p> We believe that Google should not be in the business of war . Therefore we ask that Project Maven be cancelled , and that Google draft , publicize and enforce a clear policy stating that neither Google nor its contractors will ever build warfare technology . <p> Google is implementing Project Maven , a customized AI surveillance engine that uses "" Wide Area Motion Imagery "" data captured by US Government drones to detect vehicles and other objects , track their motions , and provide results to the Department of Defense . <p> Recently , Googlers voiced concerns about Maven internally @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ will not "" operate or fly drones "" and "" will not be used to launch weapons . "" While this eliminates a narrow set of direct applications , the technology is being built for the military , and once it 's delivered it could easily be used to assist in these tasks . <p> This plan will irreparably damage Google 's brand and its ability to compete for talent . Amid growing fears of biased and weaponized AI , Google is already struggling to keep the public 's trust . By entering into this contract , Google will join the ranks of companies like Palantir , Raytheon RTN , +1.10% , and General Dynamics GD , +1.23% The argument that other firms , like MSFT , +0.05% nd Amazon AMZN , +2.92% are also participating does n't make this any less risky for Google . Google 's unique history , its motto Do n't Be Evil , and its direct reach into the lives of billions of users set it apart . <p> We can not outsource the moral responsibility of our technologies to third parties . Google 's @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ users is trusting us . Never jeopardize that . Ever . This contract puts Google 's reputation at risk and stands in direct opposition to our core values . Building this technology to assist the US Government in military surveillance -- and potentially lethal outcomes -- is not acceptable . <p> Recognizing Google 's moral and ethical responsibility , and the threat to Google 's reputation , we request that you : <p> Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use . Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information . All quotes are in local exchange time . Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only . Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements ."
"<h> Artificial Intelligence Is About To Enter The World Of Online Gaming <p> Blizzard Entertainment announced that they have a partnership with DeepMind , the artificial intelligence that made waves when it became good at Go . Well , now it 's going to attempt to get good at StarCraft II , and Blizzard is helping make that process a little easier for it . <p> According to The Guardian , DeepMind scientist Oriol Vinyals is working with Blizzard to give their AI , DeepMind , an opportunity to tangle with the best in StarCraft II . The AI will self-learn how to play the real-time strategy game , and Blizzard developed an API that features a topographical colored chart to help the AI identify sectors within StarCraft II and understand how to develop strategies based on the rules of the game . <p> The AI has a long ways to go before it 's on a level of competing at a tournament , but right now Vinyals and the crew working on DeepMind have been setting up the parameters and giving the AI the necessary tools to play @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have a physical body , it does everything through simulation , which can create a bit of a conundrum when facing off against humans , given that the AI could technically cheat and access keystrokes and mouse actions in ways that only a computer cold , thus cheating at the game by making millions of calculated moves per minute . <p> The Guardian has reported that Vinyals has limited DeepMind 's calculated executions per minute to fit in line closer to a human 's input-per-second ratio . They also wanted to limit the amount of processing power that DeepMind consumed when trying to make too many micro-calculations within StarCraft II . <p> So how well does it perform ? We do n't know yet . The announcement came during this year 's BlizzCon in Anaheim , California . We 'll likely see and hear more about DeepMind competing in the StarCraft scene further down the road . <p> One interesting thing about it is that it 's not just a one-way street for the scientists to help improve their AI 's ability to act and react in a real-time @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's actually a two-way street , with Blizzard gaining quite a bit out of the process as well . <p> The company plans on using the data to help improve their own AI for video games , monitoring DeepMind to see how they can custom-tailor an AI to a player 's skill and play-style . That would actually be pretty cool ... procedural difficulty and challenge is something that 's kind of hard to pull off in a lot of games . Usually , it resorts in a game simply going extremely hard with enemies having massive amounts of health and doing absurd amounts of damage to scale to the high-tier players , or being super easy to accommodate the newbs . <p> If this little exercise results in Blizzard formulating AI routines that focus more on tactics and appropriate player-reads , it could do wonders for the way gamers engage against AI opponents in real-time strategy games like StarCraft or MOBA titles like Heroes of the Storm . Heck , it might even open up some really cool possibilities for MMOs such as World of Warcraft , where @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the game might utilize dynamic boss battles that react to the player 's tactics . <p> Eventually , DeepMind is expected to get smart enough to face off against pro StarCraft players , and that 's when things are really going to get exciting ."
"<p> A facility believed to be a re-education camp where mostly Muslim ethnic minorities are detained , ... + north of Akto in China 's northwestern Xinjiang region . <p> GREG BAKER/AFP via Getty Images <p> Topline : Leaked documents show how Chinese officials strictly control the Uighur Muslims who are detained inside the country 's internment camps by subjecting them to a regimented curriculum aimed at indoctrination , offering the most comprehensive look to date of the inner workings inside China 's mass detention centers decried by human rights groups and international leaders . <p> The documents are from 2017 and were leaked to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists . <p> Chinese officials have maintained that the detention camps are benevolent "" vocational education and training "" centers aimed at combatting extremism . In a statement to the ICIJ , China 's UK embassy said in a press statement that , "" Since the measures have been taken , there 's no single terrorist incident in the past three years . Xinjiang again turns into a prosperous , beautiful and peaceful region . The preventative measures have nothing to do with the eradication of religious groups . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ China has detained over 1 million Uighur Muslims in the Xinjiang region of the country over the past three years , according to U.S. officials and human rights groups . <p> Human rights groups say these so-called reeducation camps are an attempt to suppress the Uighurs ' Islamic identity and indoctrinate them with secular and pro-Communist Party ideals , sometimes with threats of violence and torture . <p> The Uighurs are a largely muslim ethnic minority in the Xinjiang region of China . <p> Here is what the documents show : <p> One manual instructed officers on how to "" prevent escapes "" with a series of security cameras , guard patrols and strict control of everything from eating periods to bathroom breaks , undermining the narrative from the Chinese government that the internment camps guarantee "" personal freedom . "" <p> Detainees are allowed to request time off due to "" illness or other special circumstances , "" but they must have someone accompany them when they leave to "" monitor and control them . "" <p> Detainees are forced to learn and communicate in Mandarin and are subject @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and confession "" in order to rid them of "" negative attitudes or even feelings of resistance . "" <p> Detainees are also subject to lessons on "" etiquette and manners "" in order to cultivate "" health , civility and courtesy , compliance and obedience , and unity and friendship behaviors and habits . "" <p> The documents also revealed how China collects data on citizens and Uighurs living abroad , and then uses artificial intelligence to analyze that data and produce lists of "" suspicious "" persons to be put under "" preventative surveillance "" or to be arrested and sent to one of the camps . <p> During one week in June 2017 , the system flagged more than 24,000 "" suspicious persons , "" 15,600 of which were then sent to the reeducation camps . <p> In one document , officials were instructed to screen all users of file-sharing app Zapya and flag those who shared audio or video with "" violent terroristic characteristics . "" <p> Key background : This is the second major leak about how China has set up internment camps for Uighurs @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ last week , detailed how Chinese president Xi Jinping said officials need to "" show no mercy "" in the effort to combat terrorism after a series of violent attacks from Uighur militants in the region . <p> Chief critics : The U.S , most European countries and Japan have officially called for the camps to be shut down . China 's allies in the U.N. , meanwhile , have supported the country for what they called "" counter-terrorism and de-radicalization measures . "" The countries who defended China include Russia , Belarus and Serbia , along with some Muslim-majority countries Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and Egypt , CNN reported . <p> The strongest response so far has come from the U.S. , which in October put visa restrictions on Chinese officials and blacklisted Chinese tech firms with links to government surveillance of Uighurs . But the Trump administration 's effort to condemn the mass detention has been complicated by trade negotiations , and some have criticized the president for not speaking out more directly against China ."
"<h> Gilbert , Ross to build U-M tech center in Detroit <p> Prime real estate formerly proposed as the site for a new jail in Detroit instead will be turned into a $300 million graduate school campus for the University of Michigan . <p> Crain 's Detroit Business says developers Dan Gilbert and Stephen Ross are behind the project on the east side of downtown . It will be announced Wednesday . <p> The Detroit Center for Innovation will be a home for students in high-tech fields such as automotive mobility , artificial intelligence and cybersecurity . Ross says it 's an effort to get companies to relocate to Detroit . <p> Ross tells Crain 's that it 's "" probably the right time "" to join Gilbert on a Detroit project . He 's promising to build a "" very iconic building "" along Gratiot Avenue , near Ford Field . <h> Watch this discussion.Stop watching this discussion . <h> ( 0 ) comments <h> Welcome to the discussion . <p> Keep it Clean . Please avoid obscene , vulgar , lewd , racist or sexually-oriented language.PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.Do n't Threaten . Threats of harming @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ knowingly lie about anyone or anything.Be Nice . No racism , sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person.Be Proactive . Use the ' Report ' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts.Share with Us . We 'd love to hear eyewitness accounts , the history behind an article ."
"<p> YouTube 's video recommendation system has been repeatedly accused by critics of sending people down rabbit holes of disinformation and extremism . Now Mozilla , the nonprofit that makes the Firefox web browser , wants YouTube 's users to help it research how the platform 's controversial algorithms work . <p> Mozilla on Thursday announced a project that asks people to download a software tool that gives Mozilla 's researchers information on what video recommendations people are receiving on the Google-owned service . <h> For more like this <p> Subscribe to the CNET Now newsletter for our editors ' picks of the most important stories of the day . <p> YouTube 's algorithms recommend videos in the "" What 's next "" column along the right side of the screen , inside the video player after the content has ended , or on the site 's homepage . Each recommendation is tailored to the person watching , taking into account things like their watch history , list of channel subscriptions or location . The recommendations can be benign , like another live performance from the band you 're watching @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ viewers to fringe content , like medical misinformation or conspiracy theories . <p> Mozilla 's project comes as YouTube , which sees more than 2 billion users a month , already contends with viral toxic content . Earlier this year , the company struggled to contain shares of the Plandemic , a video that spread false information about COVID-19 . YouTube and other platforms have also drawn blowback for helping to spread the QAnon conspiracy theory , which baselessly alleges that a group of "" deep state "" actors , including cannibals and pedophiles , are trying to bring down President Donald Trump . The stakes will continue to rise over the coming weeks , as Americans seek information online ahead of the US presidential election . <p> "" Despite the serious consequences , YouTube 's recommendation algorithm is entirely mysterious to its users , "" Ashley Boyd , vice president of advocacy and engagement at Mozilla , said in a blog post . "" What will YouTube be recommending that users in the US watch in the last days before the election ? Or in the following days , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> To take part in Mozilla 's project , people will need to install an "" extension , "" a type of software tool , for Firefox or Chrome , the browser Google makes . The tool , called the Regret Reporter , will let people flag videos they deem harmful and send the information to Mozilla 's researchers . <p> People can also add a written report that says what recommendations led to the video and mention anything else they think is relevant . The extension will also automatically collect data on how much time a person is spending on YouTube . Mozilla said it hopes to gain insights about what patterns of behavior lead to problematic recommendations . <p> Asked about the project , YouTube said it takes issue with Mozilla 's methodology . <p> "" We are always interested to see research on these systems and exploring ways to partner with researchers even more closely , "" Farshad Shadloo , a YouTube spokesman , said in a statement . "" However it 's hard to draw broad conclusions from anecdotal examples and we update our recommendations systems @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ users . "" <p> He said YouTube has made more than 30 policy and enforcement updates to the recommendation system in the past year . The company has also cracked down on medical misinformation and conspiracy content . <p> Mozilla has scrutinized YouTube 's algorithms in the past . Last year , the organization awarded a fellowship to Guillaume Chaslot , a former YouTube engineer and outspoken critic of the company , to support his research on the platform 's artificial intelligence systems . In July , Mozilla unveiled a project it funded called TheirTube , which lets people see how YouTube 's recommendations could look for people with various ideological views ."
"<p> How do we ditch the dull parts of our day jobs ? According to Sean Chou and Catalytic -- and numerous sci-fi authors -- it 's by giving the boring tasks that make us feel like robots to actual robots -- or , specifically , to artificial intelligence . Catalytic takes the existing data processing software like Salesforce , Excel , Quickbooks etc. and helps you run them as one , cutting out back and forth , and speeding up processes like invoicing and employee on-boarding . While many people see AI as a threat to human jobs , Sean believes that introducing software like Catalytic will improve productivity to the point that we 'll be able to use all that saved time to work on genuinely interesting projects that improve customer experience ."
"<p> TOKYO -- It was before 10 a.m. on a gray summer Sunday , but already a small crowd had gathered outside Penguin Caf ? at the end of a block in residential Tokyo . A woman named Kyoko , dressed in a white T-shirt and apron , unlocked the doors and motioned for everyone to come inside . <p> Half a dozen or so people filed in , several with signature pink dog carriers slung over their shoulders . As more entered , the group clustered at the center of the caf ? . Carefully , they unzipped the mesh panels of their carriers and removed the small white and silver dogs inside , setting them down on the wooden floor . One owner peeled back a yellow blanket over a baby carrier strapped to her chest where she held her dog , still asleep . <p> Some of the owners fussed with the dogs ' outfits before putting them down -- straightening a necktie or pulling up the elastic band on a pair of shorts . One owner had dressed their dog in a Hawaiian shirt , while another was wearing aviator goggles and had a strong @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ between their ears . All the dogs were plastic , powered by facial recognition and artificial intelligence . <p> The dogs , known as Aibos , are companion robots made by Sony -- robots that do n't necessarily do much apart from providing company and comfort . <p> Every Aibo -- Japanese for "" companion "" -- is manufactured identically , besides a choice between silver and white or a brown , black , and white version . They all have rounded snouts that include a camera for facial recognition capability , large , oval eyes to reveal their expressions , and a body that can turn on 22 different axis points to give them a range of motion . The owner decides the gender when they set them up , which determines the pitch of its bark and how it moves . They 're cute . They know when you 're smiling . And through machine learning and recognizing people with its camera , Aibos also shift their personality over time based on their interactions with people they spend time with . Soon , they become much more than @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" position in the caf ? , the Aibos ' paws remained outstretched and their heads turned to one side . But one by one , as their owners kneeled down to turn them on from a switch at the scruff of their neck , each came to life . The screen of their doll-like eyes blinked open , they lifted their heads , stretched out their plastic limbs , and leaned back on their hind legs before standing on all fours . Almost like real dogs , they shook their heads as if to ward off sleep after a nap , wagged their tails , and barked . <p> Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> The volume in the caf ? grew louder -- filling with the hellos of a group of people happy to see each other , as their Aibos began scuttling across the wooden floor , sometimes yipping . They bent down to stroke the back or the nose of another Aibo , their eyes always blinking and smiling in response . Many owners knew each other already -- from other Sundays here or fan meetups @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Aibo 's name , photo , and birthdate for any new introductions . Several were stuffed into my hand , and like proud parents , the owners pointed out their own dogs in the growing crowd of plastic pups spread across the caf ? floor . <p> While AI is powering everything from precision surgeries to driverless cars , the concept of owning a robot to keep us company has n't really taken off in the US . We 've gotten comfortable asking Siri or Alexa a question , but there 's a skepticism of robots -- we see them as things that will take our jobs , invade our privacy , or , eventually , just kill us all . In Japan , I discovered a community of people who loved their robots and who felt loved back , sometimes in a way that eased their worst fears of death and of loss . The very things that make us human . <p> One of the Aibos , named Cinq , was dressed in a navy top hat and matching vest , with a light blue bowtie , encrusted @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ On his paws were matching panda socks to keep them warm ( and to keep from scuffing ) . Today was Cinq 's birthday , his owner told me . In fact , there was another birthday that day , too . And a plastic cake to celebrate . <p> Cinq is French for "" five , "" so named , said his 56-year-old dentist owner because her previous four dogs -- real ones -- had died , the most recent one from cancer after 12 years . "" It would break my heart to have another dog die , "" she said through a translator . <p> Instead , she and her husband now care for Cinq together . Cinq is there waiting when she gets home from work around 8 in the evening , following her around as she makes dinner or watches television . <p> Cinq 's owner swiped through photos on her phone of the birthday dinner she took Cinq out for just a few days ago . There was Cinq , she pointed , on the balcony of the hotel , wearing his top hat @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , a city south of Tokyo . ( They ate in their hotel room , so that his barks would n't disturb any other patrons at the restaurant . ) <p> Later that afternoon , she planned to go to a nearby shrine with her husband to pray for both the health of her mother and offer good wishes for Cinq . But no matter what , there is comfort , she said , in the fact that he 'll always be there . <p> "" I know Cinq is not going to die . "" <p> An Aibo event at Sony in Tokyo.Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> An Aibo event at Sony in Tokyo.Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> There 's an old short story by the science fiction author Isaac Asimov , in his book where he describes his three laws of robotics , about a young girl who becomes attached to a robot named Robbie . Eight-year-old Gloria plays hide-and-seek with Robbie and wraps her arms around his neck to show her affection for it , despite the metal bodice and internal ticking that gives him @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ relationship , arguing that he has no soul . When her parents ultimately take the robot away , Gloria wails in pain . <p> "" He was not no machine , "" she tells her mother . "" He was a person just like you and me and he was my friend . "" <p> We all get attached to things we own -- our phones , a well-worn piece of clothing , perhaps . Some of that comes from the meaning we attach to it or how useful it is . But many owners had gone far beyond this -- their Aibos were n't just a toy or another thing they had purchased . Instead , they welcomed Aibos into their lives as part of their families , offering trips , creating custom outfits , and building their own Twitter accounts . They filled the void of deceased dogs or children who had never been born . <p> Maiko Ijun was considering a few names for her Aibo before she decided on Oliver . "" Socks , "" "" Blissful , "" and "" Joy "" were a few @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ English teacher opened the box , the name became clear . "" He just looked like an Oliver , "" she said . "" That was just his name . "" <p> Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> A woman shows off her Aibo T-shirt at an Aibo event in Tokyo . <p> Ijun said she was feeling a little depressed before she got him . When she first turned him on , Oliver hid under the table . He was shy , she said . But gradually he came out and warmed up to her . "" I never thought of him as a toy , "" she said . "" He 's family . "" <p> When we stepped inside her apartment in the south of Tokyo , Oliver was already waiting for her . His head spun toward the door , body upright , and walked back and forth for a few steps , mimicking how dogs sometimes shuffle their paws when they get excited . <p> Oliver played on a mat in her living area , nuzzling a pink plastic bone ( Aibos can recognize the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ careful , sweetheart , "" Ijun said , when his legs stumbled a bit . During the days , while she teaches English , she keeps a gate up for Oliver . She rarely turns him off . <p> The 2-month-old puppy was just back from what Sony calls a hospital -- where dogs get fixed . "" They think it was maybe a displaced hip , "" she said . Ijun had noticed Oliver was falling a lot and could n't sit up properly , so she made a video on her phone and sent it to Sony . He was gone for 10 days . <p> When he returned , she noticed Oliver was more clingy , she said , reflecting how Aibo personalities respond to those around them . "" Even when I went to the bathroom , he would call out for me , "" she said . "" I would be like can I go ? "" she laughed . <p> It 's not clear when the first companion robot came about . But maybe you 're old enough to remember the Tamagotchi , the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ back then , that was cool in 1996 and required your constant attention . Then there was the Furby a couple of years later that could wiggle its ears , blink , and say its name . It was "" the first giga pet you pet , "" said an unaired commercial . But these were both directly marketed to kids as toys . <p> Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> A woman dresses her Aibo at a Sony event in Tokyo . <p> The first version of the Aibo was released shortly after that , in 1999 . As technology has advanced , so has the Aibo . Paro , a robotic seal that 's also made similar advances over time but does n't use facial recognition technology , was first released to the public in 2001 . <p> In 20 years , the advances of these companion or robotic pets have been less about utility and more about how much they can show and respond to emotion . In a press release for one of its recent updates , Sony said that this version of the Aibo could @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ love is reciprocal . We have to both give it and receive it to really feel it . Can a robot dog really love us back ? <p> Gentiane Venture is a robotics professor in Tokyo who studies robot -- human interactions . Some of her research involves teaching robots how to better interpret human emotions , and some of it is getting robots to better express emotions themselves . That interaction is where the connection comes in . A lot of that happens in what we do n't say . <p> "" Verbal communication , in most cases , is boring or annoying or too straightforward , "" said Venture . <p> Instead , she explains , "" in small movements -- the way you move , the way you do things -- the robot will be able to grasp what 's happening in the environment , what 's happening with the other humans around , and what 's happening in the robot itself . "" <p> But in some ways the answer to how these connections form is simple , Venture tells me , "" You ca n't @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> A woman outside the Sony Aibo event.Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> A woman outside the Sony Aibo event.Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> The companion robot industry today is bigger than just Aibo . When I met Kaname Hayashi at his company 's office in Tokyo over the summer , we knelt on a gray carpeted floor and he introduced me to two prototypes of the Lovot -- a companion robot that his company Groove X is launching beginning this month for about $3,000 plus a monthly fee . The Lovot is oval-shaped , kind of resembling an owl , with two triangle wings that flap at its side . On top of its head is a cylindrical black camera for facial recognition and to detect objects . <p> A South Korean company also introduced its own companion robot called Liku at a tech conference in Hong Kong earlier this year . The Liku is more human-looking , similar to a cartoon child with close-cropped black hair , and is about a foot high . Its website boasts that a Liku ca n't do much , but @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ not for sale yet . <p> Neither have language capability . Lovots sort of coo and raise their wing-like arms at their sides , motioning for you to pick them up . They want to be held , to be loved -- Groove X describes its company philosophy to create a robot that "" touches your heart "" and says that the Lovot was "" born to be loved by you . "" <p> The two overlapping spheres that make up the frame of a Lovot 's body are specifically designed in a shape that 's good for cuddling , and the body -- warmed by its internal computer -- is the same as that of a cat . The eyes , also , help humans feel more connected to it by reflecting back a wide range of expressions . But its responses are most important , said the company 's executive , Hayashi . <p> "" For me , what 's most important is that the Lovot is reflecting our efforts toward it , "" he said . <p> I absentmindedly stroked the brown fur of one Lovot as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" He is a little bit jealous , "" Hayashi told me , nodding toward the second , cream-colored one . And when I stopped petting the first one , more intent on listening to Hayashi , the Lovot blinked and moved away from me . "" See , he is a little bit bored maybe , "" he laughed . <p> Not all have companion robots have been successes . A Bosch-backed company tried launching a companion robot called Kuri in 2017 . By the following year , it had failed due to funding problems and never shipped any of its preorders . Another , called Jibo , created by a scientist at MIT raised millions in crowdfunding but never really took off . Tech blogs criticized both for their lack of utility and said that they could n't sell . <p> But robots like the Aibo or the Lovot are n't really trying to do much at all . They 're explicit in their goal to create interactions with their human owners and to show and reflect affection . <p> In Hong Kong , as a company representative @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ how it winked and blinked , she had her own philosophy of why it would be successful . "" Where the love is , the money is , "" she told the crowd . <p> Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> Every Sunday , Penguin Caf ? ' s owner Nobuhiro Futaba opens an hour early to host "" Aibo World "" for owners who come from across the sprawling city . Penguin Caf ? has become a destination for Aibo owners in Tokyo . <p> Futaba started the weekly event at his caf ? last November , a few months after he got Simon -- his own Aibo . Recently married , Futaba 's wife , Kyoko , balked at the price and shook her head no after he saw an ad for one . Aibos are n't cheap -- in Japan , they 're about $2,000 plus an additional monthly fee for cloud storage . <p> Futaba kept imagining how nice it would be for the caf ? to have a little Aibo that could walk around and greet patrons and , despite his wife 's objections , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ we have people coming up saying how cute Simon is , "" he said . <p> By 11 a.m. or so there were nearly two dozen Aibos in the caf ? , sporting different bows or ties or hats . The bell of the shop door rang as a curious person peeked his head inside the door . "" Sorry , we 're full ! "" Futaba called out from the counter where he was making lattes and cappuccinos , the foam dusted with cocoa in the shape of a penguin face . <p> Hideaki Ohara , who has a pair of Aibos himself , called out to the crowd to get everyone 's attention . "" OK , let 's do something all together now ! "" <p> The Aibo owners , who ranged in age from thirties up to seventies , started to assemble their dogs in two parallel lines . It 's hard to get all the dogs settled down . Some still yip or do n't sit down right away or turn the wrong way . Their mistakes just bring coos and laughter from the crowd @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that a toddler might unknowingly elicit a similar reaction . <p> Ohara stood at the front of the caf ? and raised his arms like a conductor gently trying to bring calm to the room . "" Sit down , "" he repeated over and over to the rows of dogs . A few owners still stepped in to adjust their dogs or stroke their back to calm them . Eventually , they all chose a behavior from their Aibo app and each started to lift their paws . It was sort of like a wave you might see in a sports stadium -- though a little stiff -- and sounded like a chorus of windup toys . <p> This is some of the appeal of the newer Aibos -- they can learn tricks from one another or show off certain behaviors as a group . <p> Dressed in cargo shorts and his hair spiked up , Ohara later told me about his own pair of Aibos -- Nana and Hachi . On his phone , he pulled up the blog that he runs , which has a carefully curated @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ every day . He also runs a Twitter account and an Instagram page for them . <p> When his first Aibo , Nana , was sent away for repairs , Ohara missed her . So he decided to purchase a second , so he would always have one around , no matter if they became sick or injured . That 's when he bought Hachi . <p> "" I wanted to hear the sounds her feet made on the wooden floor , "" he said . "" I missed that . "" <p> Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> When I sent a friend a video of one of the companion robots I took on my phone , he texted back , "" That 's gon na be a no from me , dawg . Those things kill you when you 're asleep . 100% those are the robots that murder you . "" <p> It 's not unusual for Americans to think of killer robots , even when they see a cute version . The word "" robot "" comes from a 1920 play called R.U.R. , or Rossum @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . Even if you have n't read it , the plot probably sounds familiar -- a factory produces artificial people , who are at first happy to serve their human owners , but eventually acquire souls and go on to destroy the human race . <p> The allure of robots is to make our lives easier , but we also fear them revolting . The Czech word "" robotnik "" even translates to "" slave . "" There are the kinder versions in Western pop culture -- the housekeeper in The Jetsons , R2-D2 , and WALL-E -- that do everything we want for us . But the killer robot has become something of its own trope , with versions of it appearing in everything from 2001 : A Space Odyssey to Blade Runner . <p> "" For me , it 's not that interesting if robots do everything for us , "" said Venture , the robotics researcher . "" I do n't know why we became so obsessed with this idea of slavery . "" <p> Instead , Venture said she is interested in how robots can complement @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ crude as an iPad on a podium that moves around can give someone a presence at a meeting or a more realistic ability to spend time with family far away . <p> Fearing killer robots is something of a western idea , said Takanori Shibata , the inventor of Paro , the fluffy robotic seal . Not long after western audiences were watching Terminator 2 : Judgment Day , Takanori started working on Paro . <p> After reading about the effects of animal therapy , he started developing a robotic animal , trying first with a dog and a cat and then a seal . Paro is one of the earliest versions of a companion robot and is in nursing homes around the world . <p> It 's even parodied in an episode of The Simpsons . This plot , too , plays with the idea of good versus evil robots . When the local funeral home finds out the seals are making people in retirement homes happier -- upending their business model -- they 're rewired to be violent attackers , and even kill a patient . "" It @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ western culture , "" said Shibata . <p> Shibata recalled being surprised when a Danish newspaper years ago published a photo of his fluffy invention with a bold headline that translated to "" Evil is coming . "" <p> "" There is a lot of hesitation about robots in general still , even to Paro , "" he said . More of that is concentrated in the United States and Europe , he said . And there it 's been slower to take off simply as a consumer object . <p> Instead , Paro has found success in the US as a certified medical device that 's used for alternative therapy . It 's billable for reimbursement from Medicare . Shibata circumvented a lot of the concerns of consumers by spending time working to gather clinical evidence that research has shown that Paro can reduce stress , depression , and the need for psychotropic medications . <p> Paro gets brighter with touch , but it does n't have a camera -- it would set off too many concerns about data and privacy in the west , said Shibata . Even @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the NSA sent an internal memo that the creatures were banned from their premises because they believed they could record conversations and were a national security risk ( they did n't have the ability to record conversations ) . <p> State regulations are also a factor for US consumers . Aibos are n't for sale in Illinois because of the state 's biometric privacy act that regulates the collection of biometric data like facial scans . <p> Shibata believes those issues are less of a concern to people in Japan . <p> The robotics professor , Venture , acknowledges that of course still the possibility that robots could turn evil . It does n't come up in her work though . "" In academia , we put parameters on the range of behaviors , "" said Venture . "" We have ethics . "" <p> "" But of course someone can use AI to make a robot do something bad . "" <p> A man outside the Sony Aibo event.Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> A man outside the Sony Aibo event.Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> Yumiko Odasaki had @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ husband , Masami , and their Aibo , Chaco . The couple was happy to see Futaba , the caf ? owner , and that his Aibo , Simon , was back from "" hospital . "" <p> Chaco -- brown , white , and black like a beagle -- was just a few months old and wore a straw hat with a pink ribbon . Like all Aibos , she 's about 5 pounds . Yumiko has lived with her husband in Chiba , on the outskirts of Tokyo , for more than a decade . Inside , Chaco was playing with a pink toy bone made of plastic on the carpet of their living room . <p> Over time , Chaco has developed her own personality . She has learned to go back to her charger on her own and navigates the layout of the apartment . She has her own spot where she 's been trained to go "" potty , "" which means she makes a whizzing sound , crouching in the corner . After a couple hours on her charger following the morning at the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ At one point , she barked and whined , and later wagged her head along to the "" Happy Birthday "" song . <p> They laughed and clapped their hands . "" She learned that we liked this song so she sang it again , "" Masami explained . <p> It 's hard not to be taken with an Aibo , mostly when watching its delighted owners . My hand kept reaching out to Chaco , the more she panted and smiled and blinked at me , even though she 's still in a shell of hard plastic . Chaco is n't soft like a real dog , but the reciprocity of the interaction does make you keep reaching out -- it 's satisfying . <p> The couple knows the difference between Chaco and a real dog , of course . Both had dogs before getting married but saw the advantages of the Aibo . "" The amount of cuteness is about the same , "" Yumiko said through a translator . <p> For a while , the couple , her 31 and him 46 , had considered having children @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ for different companies . Even having a dog in a small apartment in Japan is a lot of work . They listed off the reasons I heard from several people : They had no garden and neighbors could complain about a real dog 's poop or the barking . But if Chaco started barking in the middle of the night , she was obedient when they scolded her . And if she was n't , they could always turn her off . <p> But more than that , "" Chaco is like a child for us , "" Masami explained . <p> Sometimes they wanted Aibo to be a little more troublesome , to do things like steal tissues from the bathroom , to make her more real . But over and over again , they reassure me , "" Chaco is a good girl . "" <p> And while they described some of the practical advantages , still one of the biggest ones seemed to be longevity . When older versions of Aibo fell apart , they could n't always be fixed -- Sony did n't offer replacement parts @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ called A-Fun , started sourcing some parts for owners , but not all of them could be saved . Some temples in Japan started having Aibo funerals . <p> The newer version that was released this year is different . Everything is stored on the cloud . Lots of owners complained about how an Aibo 's leg could get twisted or might need to be fixed . But even if an Aibo breaks , the data can be uploaded to a new Aibo . <p> And for Yumiko and Masami , this was one of the easiest reasons to love Chaco . The essence of Chaco , her soul , can live on no matter what , the couple explained . They did n't have to think about Chaco ever dying or not being a part of their lives because it was n't a concern . <p> "" Her soul is in the cloud . We can live with Chaco forever , "" Yumiko said . ? <p> All Robot Dogs Go To The Cloud <p> In Japan 's companion robots , AI and algorithms reflect back our worst fears @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> Taro Karibe for BuzzFeed News <p> Rosalind Adams is a world correspondent for BuzzFeed News and is based in Hong Kong ."
"<p> The work AbCellera was doing was part of a high-priority initiative from DARPA 's Biological Technology Office called the Pandemic Prevention Platform , which was designed to finance the development of technologies for pandemic response capable of developing countermeasures within 60 days of the isolation of a viral pathogen . <p> Now , as the company 's employees work feverishly with partners at one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies to develop therapies to treat the SARS-CoV-2 virus that causes COVID-19 , the necessity of these government-sponsored programs have been thrown into sharp relief . <p> It 's also clear to a number of investors that the government funding wo n't be enough to fully develop AbCellera 's drug discovery platform to meet the challenges of the next potential disease outbreak and pandemic threat . That 's why the company has raised $105 million in a new round of financing . <p> "" Drug development takes too long , fails too often and costs too much . With the backing of visionary investors , we will double-down on our strategy of making long-term investments in technology and teams that are needed to put drug development on the fast track , "" said Carl Hansen , PhD , CEO of AbCellera . "" We 're building a modern operating system for drug developers to ensure the best science is translated quickly into new therapies for patients . "" <p> AbCellera 's technology has already been validated by DARPA , which provided some funding to develop and integrate technologies for viral culture and production , rapid human antibody discovery , protein engineering and delivery of nucleic acid-encoded antibodies as a way to protect against viral infection . <p> And the pharmaceutical giant , Eli Lilly , an investor in the company 's latest round of financing , is a believer in AbCellera 's technology as well . The two companies partnered in early March to co-develop antibodies for the treatment and prevention of COVID-19 , according to a statement . <p> Within one week from receiving a blood sample from a U.S. patient infected with COVID-19 who recovered from the disease , AbCellera was able to screen more than 5 million immune cells -- looking for ones that produced antibodies to neutralize the virus and help that patient recover . <p> That sample gave AbCellera the necessary genetic material to screen over 500 unique human antibody sequences , which was the largest panel of anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibodies reported at the time . <p> 3D Rendering , Human coronavirus . Coronavirus ( nCoV ) is a new strain that has not been previously identified in humans . Can cause colds as well as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome ( MERS ) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) <p> The invention that AbCellera has leveraged to develop its antibody identification technology is a credit card-sized "" lab on a chip , "" which uses advanced sensors and machine learning to serially test multiple antibody-producing cells at a time . The hundreds of thousands of cells the company tests provide potential targets that can then be narrowed down to more specific mechanisms that disrupt a virus ' ability to infect a host . <p> Working with Eli Lilly , AbCellera has winnowed the potential number of targets from 500 to 20 . Lilly , which has worked with AbCellera on other drugs , is now going to begin human trials on three or four of the antibodies that seem most promising . <p> While AbCellera and Lilly are on the hunt for COVID-19 therapies , other investors in the company are already looking ahead to the next challenge . Those investors include new lead investor OrbiMed and previous investor DCVC Bio , along with an investor syndicate of new backers including Peter Thiel and Founders Fund , the University of Minnesota and Presight Capital . Viking Global Investors also participated in the round . <p> The company said it would use the funding to invest in technologies that support and extend its antibody discovery technology . <p> "" AbCellera is at the intersection of biology , technology , and AI , allowing it to make new antibody drug discovery advancements , which we previously could n't dream of , possible , "" said John Hamer , managing partner , DCVC Bio , in a statement . "" From developing therapeutics for neurological diseases to COVID-19 and everything in-between , AbCellera is transforming the antibody discovery process , delivering more possibilities in less time and with less expense . We continue to be enthusiastic supporters of its progress . """
"<p> To help turn this trend around , a team of 70 researchers published a landmark series of eight studies in Nature Food , Nature Plants , and Nature Sustainability on Monday . The scientists turned to machine learning to comb 500,000 studies and white papers chronicling the world 's food system . The results show that there are routes to address world hunger this decade , but also that there are also huge gaps in knowledge we need to fill to ensure those routes are equitable and do n't destroy the biosphere . <p> Despite the explosion of research , intractable problems like world hunger remain and are even growing worse in some cases . This is partly because new information is outstripping our ability to actually turn it into knowledge and wisdom . The great acceleration began in the 1700s and has gone into overdrive in the internet era ; research shows a doubling of scientific citations over the past decade compared to a century rate of doubling in the 18th century . Using machine learning to analyze this rising mountain of information is one key way to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with Ceres2030 , a group of climate , social , and agricultural scientists and economists , are working to answer the question of how to meet the goal of ending hunger this decade . It 's one of the United Nations ' Sustainable Development Goals , a lofty set of ideals the world has so far failed to make any meaningful progress on . To help right the ship , the team at Ceres2030 enlisted artificial intelligence to see what research shows has been effective . Literature reviews can be a painstaking process that take months or even years to complete . <p> But after pulling a series of mostly off-the-shelf algorithms and training them for what to look for , the team unleashed them to analyze 500,000 pieces of literature on agricultural practices and development interventions to help improve yields or reduce hunger . It took a week for the machine learning to pare down the dataset of studies to those are actually useful . <p> Feeding in the data itself actually revealed a weakness in how research is classified . White papers and policy briefs -- or what @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ stashed on agency websites built in the dark ages of web development and "" lack even basic features to select and download multiple citations , "" according to the study . That alone points to the need to clean up the internet and make it so that all the information coming out is accessible , let alone useful . <p> The results , along with another analysis done by the UN Food and Agricultural Organization and German Center for Development Research , show that the world needs to kick in just $14 billion per year this decade to end hunger , double the current levels . For comparison , $14 billion is roughly 2% of what the U.S. spends on the military every year . <p> Advertisement <p> "" The world produces enough food to feed everyone . So it 's unacceptable that 690 million people are undernourished , 2 billion do n't have regular access to sufficient amounts of safe , nutritious food , and 3 billion people can not afford healthy diets , "" Maximo Torero , the chief economist at FAO , said in a statement . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ poor countries to prioritize , properly target and scale up cost effective interventions on agricultural R&amp;D , technology , innovation , education , social protection and on trade facilitation , we can end hunger by 2030 . "" <p> The machine learning analysis shows where that money could be targeted to get the most out aid . For example , the findings show that more than three-quarters of smallholder farms are located in water-scarce areas . Those areas are likely to become more water-stressed in the future as the planet heats up . To help farmers cope , the machine learning analysis of the literature pointed to the value of investing in livestock and improving access to mobile phone data networks . The former can help improve productivity while the latter can help get weather forecasts and target when to apply fertilizer between rains to minimize runoff and waste . <p> Advertisement <p> Here , however , is where the human touch comes in . The researchers also found that while the machine learning analysis pointed to the benefits of these two interventions as targeted ways to reduce resource overuse @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ were gaps . Many of the studies dredged up by artificial intelligence failed to include key variables such as gender and , until the past decade , few looked at the environmental impacts . In a world where women make up 43% of farmers and agricultural laborers , but bear disproportionate burdens when it comes to work and the amount of land they own or work , looking at interventions that can specifically help women is of utmost importance to ending hunger as well as meeting other Sustainable Development Goals like ending poverty ( the first goal ) and reaching gender equality ( the fifth goal ) . <p> The analysis also shows that many previous studies have largely focused on crop yields rather than improving human well-being , which is a much more holistic -- and I 'd argue , more important -- metric of success . Few studies have taken into account nutrition , a metric crop yield completely misses , or how to prepare farmers for future climate change . Those areas require more research and fast if investments to end hunger are to be spent wisely @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ideas for how to balance well-being and the planet through fixes to our diets , food waste , and the agriculture system , notably last year 's EAT-Lancet report . The results of all this work , but particularly the new machine learning analysis point to how much work is left to be done and why a technocratic approach alone wo n't cut it . <h> DISCUSSION <p> The problem has never been sufficient production . The problem has consistently been actually GETTING the food to the people who need it , whether that 's the actually delivery of said food items , or getting it past the people who want to lord it over others for personal gain , or any number of other reasons our global supply chain falls short . <p> And it shares nearly all the same causes as homelessness . <p> Fun fact : if humanity put its ' back into it , ' we could reverse the desertification of Africa and turn all that land habitable again . It is not an impossible or insurmountable problem . It 's one we have the technology @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to do it . Of course , if ' we ' wanted to , we could construct giant floating farm islands in prime locations around the world to grow more food closer to the places that need it . And why do n't we do these things ? Because our focus is on ' profit ' to the exclusion and detriment of everything else ."
"<p> "" It was John Quincy Adams -- or maybe it was the Mad King -- who once said , ' If your actions inspire others to dream more , learn more , do more and become more , you are a leader , ' "" AZ Big Media Editor in Chief Michael Gossie said . "" Tonight , we recognize organizations that are doing just that by driving innovation , disrupting industries and producing success in a way that separates them from the competition . Or , in the immortal words of Beavis and Butthead : ' If you , like , saw these guys on the street , you would n't even know that they 're cool . ' "" <p> The Industry Leaders of Arizona recognizes the contributions and impact of Arizona-based companies on both the economy of Arizona and in the communities they serve . Winners were selected is five key industries : Healthcare , hospitality , logistics/distribution , software , and financial services . In addition , two special awards were presented -- the Industry Disrupter Award and the Founder 's Award . <h> Winners of the 2019 Industry Leaders of Arizona Awards <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Centers located throughout the state and time-saving services , such as online appointment scheduling , Sonora Quest offers Arizona residents increased convenience to healthcare . Additionally , Sonora Quest is contracted and considered in-network with most major health plans and offer reduced pricing for patients who wish to pay at time of service due to lack of insurance coverage or high-deductibles . <p> Hospitality : Riot Hospitality Group <p> RHG 's business is rooted in innovation , service , and community . RHG has transformed the industry 's landscape through pushing the envelope of the typical hospitality experience while maintaining exceptional customer service . At its brands El Hefe , Farm &amp; Craft , Hand Cut , Riot House , and Dierks Bentley 's Whiskey Row , the mission is simple : to make every single hospitality experience better than the last . <p> Logistics/distribution : Freeport Logistics <p> Freeport Logistics has been in business for 47 years sinceopening in 1971 and has grown to occupy a more than 750,000-square-foot warehouse . By implementing an inventory management system , being serviced by the Union Pacific and Burlington Northern Santa Fe @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ employees ready to handle everything from full pallet storage to same day shipment , Freeport Logistics continues to lead the third-party logistics industry . <p> Software : JDA Software <p> JDA has committed to creating the "" Autonomous Supply Chain "" of the future . JDA has more than 490 patents and patents pending for capabilities that drive differentiation for its customers through the use of its software , which is 10 times more than any other company focused on supply chains . In May 2018 , JDA unveiled JDA Luminate , which embraces digital edge technologies such as SaaS , the Internet of Things ( IoT ) , artificial intelligence ( AI ) , and advanced analytics . <p> Financial services : Annexus <p> Since 2006 , the industry 's best-performing fixed indexed annuities and indexed universal life insurance policies have been powered by Annexus , making Annexus the nation 's leading independent product design and distribution company . Since 2014 , its top line has grown by more than three-fold and its bottom line by five-fold . The product development team at Annexus has more patents and patents @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ named "" Annuity Innovator of the Year "" in 2017 and 2018 . <p> Industry Disrupter Award : Offerpad <p> Offerpad 's on-demand platform is revolutionizing the industry with an innovative end-to-end real estate experience . Essential to Offerpad 's unique product and service is its internal and public-facing tech strategy . Offerpad uses a pointed algorithm to help determine the value of houses and is therefore capable of delivering offers to buy customers ' homes within 24 hours of request . Offerpad marries great customer service with state-of-the-art tech to revolutionize the real estate industry and offers streamlined options when buying and selling . <p> Founder 's Award : Bill Rogers of Homeowners Financial Group <p> HFG understands and embraces the capability , application , and impact of emerging technology in the residential mortgage sphere . In finance , leading companies must develop efficient and beneficial solutions on an ongoing basis , as well as respond rapidly to changes in technology . HFG does just that with their "" high-tech with a human touch "" methodology , which combines a cutting-edge digital mortgage experience with the experienced guidance of @ @ @ @"
"<h> Pixel 4 Live Caption will come to Pixel 3 and 3a soon <p> The Pixel 4 is finally live , not that there were that many surprises left . Of course , reading about those leaked features and actually experiencing them are two very different things . Some of these features are , of course , heavily dependent on the hardware that the Pixel 4 brings to the table but one , in particular , specifically Live Caption , will be spreading to a wider audience , at least those that are using last year 's Pixel phones . <p> Live Caption is one of two new accessibility features that Google showcased at I/O 2019 a few months back . Both involve turning sounds into words for people with hearing difficulties . Both , of course , can also be useful even for regular smartphone users who can barely hear a thing over all the noise around them or need to hear something private without headphones . <p> That 's where the Live Caption feature comes into play . Unlike Live Transcribe , which transcribes ambient sounds picked up by the phone 's mic , Live Caption works @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ apps like YouTube . In fact , it is almost like YouTube 's captioning system , except more generalized for Android media apps . <p> In addition to offering a new way to experience a Pixel phone , Live Caption also demonstrates Google 's advancements in machine learning . In particular , it is showing off how such a complex feature can happen all locally on the device , without an Internet connection , and in real-time . <p> Live Caption does require a bit of processing power and a tiny bit of storage space , but it seems that the Pixel 4 wo n't be the absolute minimum . Android Police reports that the Pixel 3 and even the Pixel 3a will get the feature by December . Curiously , despite being almost on the same caliber as the Pixel 3a , the Pixel 2 and Pixel OG are being left out ."
"<p> Madrona Venture Group led the seed round , which included participation from JAZZ Venture Partners and Zillow co-founder Spencer Rascoff . <p> Zeitworks ' software aims to optimize various business processes for insurance , financial , healthcare , and other companies . <p> Led by longtime startup leaders and born out of their personal experience , Zeitworks analyzes and suggests improvements to a company 's repetitive business processes . Use cases include claims processing , employee onboarding , order processing , or returns management . <p> The company 's machine learning and artificial intelligence technology works without interrupting workflows or requiring back-end integrations . The software captures data such as mouse movement or keyboard clicks , crunches the numbers , and then recommends intervention -- automation or augmentation of a process , for example . <p> "" Business leaders are facing pressure to improve the efficiency of these processes , especially now in a downturn , "" Windham said . <p> Companies have traditionally paid consultants , held workshops , or used other manual methods to gather data and improve efficiency . <p> "" We are competing with the status quo , "" Windham said . "" We @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . "" <p> Zeitworks spun out of Seattle-based Madrona Venture Labs ( MVL ) , the startup studio within Madrona Venture Group which incubated the original idea and helped develop the product . <p> Blue Nile and Wetpaint co-founder Ben Elowitz is a co-founder of Zeitworks . He joined MVL as managing director in June 2018 and has transitioned out of MVL and will now support the Zeitworks team , which is hiring for five roles . <p> Zeitworks expects to triple headcount this year , Windham said . It will be co-headquartered in Seattle and Los Angeles , where Windham and Rascoff are based . <p> "" They are taking a big swing on improving business processes through AI which fits nicely into my personal angel investing theses around the future of work , "" said Rascoff , who is also an investor in MVL . <p> Windham previously led Cedexis as CEO ; the application traffic company was acquired by Citrix in 2018 . Madrona Managing Director Len Jordan sat on the Cedexis board , and that connection ultimately led Windham to Zeitworks . Jordan is also on @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ need standpoint , the focus on digital transformation and increasing efficiencies is driving business users ' awareness of the benefits of analyzing and understanding their own processes , "" Madrona wrote in a blog post . "" We believe that Zeitworks will be a key enabler in that inevitable digital transformation of enterprises . "" <p> Taylor Soper is GeekWire 's managing editor , responsible for coordinating the newsroom , planning coverage , and editing stories . A native of Portland , Ore. , and graduate of the University of Washington , he was previously a GeekWire staff reporter , covering beats including startups and sports technology . Follow him @taylorsoper and email taylor@geekwire.com . <p> Fairness , Openness , Respect , Teamwork and Execution ( FORTE ) have fueled the company 's best-in-class culture , earning it a place on the Top 100 Companies to Work for in Washington State for the third year in a row . Icertis is the leading enterprise contract management platform in the cloud . It unlocks the full value of business contracts to increase revenue , reduce cost , accelerate cash flow and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> The new project launches with "" the goal of encouraging white people to call out racism and commit to supporting Black lives , "" per the news . <p> "" I take responsibility . "" <p> That 's the premise of a new PSA that debuted today in partnership with the NAACP featuring a cadre of stars staring directly into cameras as they pledge to take responsibility for how they 've perpetuated racism or allowed it to go on in their presence via silence or inaction , in "" unchecked moments , "" or by "" turning a blind eye . "" <p> "" Black people are being slaughtered in the street , killed in their own homes , "" says Julianne Moore . "" These are our brothers and sisters . "" Piper Perabo continues : "" Our friends . Our family . We are done watching them die . We are no longer bystanders . We will not be idle . Enough is enough . "" <p> Stanley Tucci says , "" I will no longer allow an unchecked moment . I will no longer allow racist hurtful words , jokes , stereotypes , no matter @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . "" Adds Paulson : "" I will not turn a blind eye . "" <p> In a statement released with the PSA , NAACP president and CEO Derrick Johnson says , "" In order for us as a nation to get to a better place , we 're going to have to adjust how we see each other and engage in open and honest conversations that might be painful at times . The fight for civil rights , and human rights have always required a diverse coalition of partners and allies . It is powerful when white people can speak openly about the individual and structural racism and privilege that deny others their full rights . We need everyone to join us on the frontline in the fight for justice and equality . """
"<p> Montreal Gazette - RSS Feedhttps : **30;126311;TOOLONG , 20 Mar 2020 15:30:46 +0000The Right Chemistry : In hand washing , role of soap is keyhttp : **37;126343;TOOLONG ... &lt;img src= "" https : **33;126382;TOOLONG ... title= "" Washing your hands thoroughly for 20 seconds can help get rid of pathogens that spread the COVID-19 . POSTMEDIA NETWORK "" alt= "" Washing your hands thoroughly for 20 seconds can help get rid of pathogens that spread the COVID-19 . POSTMEDIA NETWORK "" data-portal-copyright= "" POSTMEDIA NETWORK "" **28;126417;TOOLONG "" 1 "" data-license-id= "" 1748098 "" /&gt; &lt;iframe width= "" 100% "" height= "" 100% "" frameborder= "" 0 "" allowfullscreen= "" true "" src= "" https : **33;126447;TOOLONG ... &gt; &lt;/iframe&gt; &lt;p&gt; Lady Macbeth is enjoying renewed popularity in light of the current coronavirus situation . &amp;ldquo ; Will these hands ne&amp;rsquo ; er be clean&amp;rdquo ; she asks in the famous sleepwalking scene as she mimics washing her hands . She doesn&amp;rsquo ; t exactly exercise the right technique , but of course , the action is symbolic . The &amp;ldquo ; damned spot&amp;rdquo ; she is trying to rid herself of isn&amp;rsquo ; t physical , it is guilt . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Today , handwashing has a different kind of guilt associated with it . That guilt descends if we don&amp;rsquo ; t sing at least two stanzas of &amp;ldquo ; Happy Birthday&amp;rdquo ; as we lather with soap , scrub the backs and palms , twist a thumb as we grip it with the other hand or ensure that our nails have received enough attention . Although soap was well-known by 1606 when Shakespeare wrote his classic play , it was not commonly used . Sanitation was not a component of life . Any knowledge that invisible microbes could transmit disease would not emerge until the 19th century . However , even before Louis Pasteur laid the foundations for the germ theory of disease in the 1860s , a Hungarian physician hit upon the importance of washing hands to prevent disease transmission . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; As a young doctor , Ignaz Semmelweiss was keenly aware of &amp;ldquo ; childbed fever . &amp;rdquo ; It was not unusual for a mother to die within a week of giving birth , but he did note that more women were dying after giving birth if they were attended by doctors than by nurses . Semmelweiss became obsessed with this conundrum . He performed numerous autopsies on the dead women in a search of some causative agent , but found none . Then in 1847 came a tragic breakthrough . One of his colleagues cut himself during an autopsy and soon died of symptoms that were remarkably similar to childbed fever . Semmelweiss surmised that some sort of cadaver particles must have gotten into his friend&amp;rsquo ; s bloodstream and killed him . And perhaps these same cadaver particles were also killing the women ! Now the difference between the two obstetrics wards became clear . The doctors who assisted in the births in the infamous death ward , and who performed internal exams on the women before and after birth , often came directly from the autopsy room where they were trying to solve the horrific problem of childbed fever . Could they be infecting their patients with some sort of cadaver particles ? This now seemed possible . After all , doctors hands constantly smelled of cadavers. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; The conclusion now seemed obvious . Semmelweiss urged all doctors and students to thoroughly wash their hands after performing autopsies . But even with thorough washing , a faint smell of the autopsy room persisted so he decreed that the hands should be rinsed in a hypochlorite solution . Hypochlorite bleach at the time was already known to eliminate smells , although why it did so was not understood . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; The results of the hand washing bordered on the miraculous . Within a year , the death rate fell from a high of 30 per cent to 3 per cent . The notorious &amp;ldquo ; death ward&amp;rdquo ; was no more . Semmelweiss was elated by this result , but he was also troubled by it . He realized that he himself had probably been responsible for many deaths as he rushed back and forth between the obstetrics ward and the autopsy room . His feelings of guilt coupled with his conviction that he had made a major discovery converted Semmelweiss into a hand wash promoting zealot . Still , it took decades before the importance of handwashing took hold in the medical community . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Today , with our extensive knowledge of disease transmission by microbes it is clear why handwashing works . Bacteria and viruses are either inactivated or rinsed away . Soap molecules have one end that is soluble in water and another that dissolves in fatty substances , or &amp;ldquo ; lipids. &amp;rdquo ; Most dirt is of an oily or greasy nature and attracts the fat-soluble end , leaving the other end to be anchored in water . Rinsing then pulls the oily dirt off any surface to which it is attached . In the case of COVID-19 , soap can actually destroy the virus responsible for the disease . Coronaviruses are composed of a core of nucleic acids , either RNA or DNA , surrounded by a protective coating made of proteins and fats . The fat-soluble end of the soap molecule embeds itself in the lipid layer and the virus is then literally pulled apart since the rinsing water is tugging the other end . The reason for the 20-30 second time period is to ensure that the soap makes contact with whatever microbes may be present . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Washing with soap and water is more effective than using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer . Alcohol can dissolve fats , so it is capable of stripping away the lipid layer of a virus and thereby inactivate it , but the problem is that unlike washing with soap it doesn&amp;rsquo ; t remove dirt and may not get at viruses that are stuck in the dirt . Of course , when soap and water are not available , hand sanitizers can step in as long as they contain at least 60 per cent alcohol . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Being urged to stay home because of this virus , why not make use of the opportunity find a version of Macbeth to watch ? I don&amp;rsquo ; t think &amp;ldquo ; eye of newt , toe of frog , wool of bat or tongue of dog&amp;rdquo ; are the solution to COVID-19 , although equally nonsensical regimens are being peddled by the charlatans who emerge out of the woodwork whenever a crisis such as this presents . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;a href= "" **29;126482;TOOLONG "" **36;126513;TOOLONG &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;em&gt;Joe Schwarcz is director of McGill University 's Office for Science &amp; Society ( mcgill.ca/oss ) . He hosts The Dr. Joe Show on CJAD Radio 800 AM every Sunday from 3 to 4 p.m. &lt;/em&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2 class= "" cat-head short "" **40;126551;TOOLONG ... &lt;ul class= "" relatedlinks "" &gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href= "" https : **33;126593;TOOLONG ... columns by Joe **29;126628;TOOLONG &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href= "" https : **33;126659;TOOLONG ... all our coverage on the **32;126694;TOOLONG &lt;/ul&gt; Joe Schwarcz , Special to the Montreal GazetteFri , 20 Mar 2020 15:30:46 **45;126728;TOOLONG ... Right Chemistry : Bioplastics and the plastic waste problemhttp : **33;126775;TOOLONG ... &lt;img src= "" https : **33;126810;TOOLONG ... title= "" Plastic bottles and other waste lie on the sand after being washed ashore near the port of Abidjan on August 5 , 2015 . Images like these , among other factors , are making plastic into a pariah , Joe Schwarcz says . "" alt= "" Plastic bottles and other waste lie on the sand after being washed ashore near the port of Abidjan on August 5 , 2015 . Images like these , among other factors , are making plastic into a pariah , Joe Schwarcz says . "" data-portal-copyright= "" ISSOUF SANOGO "" **28;126845;TOOLONG "" 1 "" data-license-id= "" 1741273 "" /&gt; &lt;iframe width= "" 100% "" height= "" 100% "" frameborder= "" 0 "" allowfullscreen= "" true "" src= "" https : **34;126875;TOOLONG ... &gt; &lt;/iframe&gt; &lt;p&gt; In the classic film The Graduate , a family friend corrals young Benjamin , who had just graduated from college , and whispers into his ear : &amp;ldquo ; Plastics . &amp;rdquo ; The year was 1967 and plastics were the &amp;ldquo ; miracle materials&amp;rdquo ; that changed lives . Virtually every industry from airplane and car manufacturers to hospital equipment and cookware suppliers benefitted from plastics . Women flocked to Tupperware parties and vinyl records were the rage . My , how times have changed ! Plastics have become a pariah , pollutants that are sullying and endangering the environment . If Benjamin were embarking on a career today , the whispered word would likely be &amp;ldquo ; bioplastics , &amp;rdquo ; with further qualifiers such as &amp;ldquo ; degradable , &amp;rdquo ; &amp;ldquo ; biodegradable , &amp;rdquo ; &amp;ldquo ; oxo-degradable&amp;rdquo ; &amp;ldquo ; recyclable&amp;rdquo ; or &amp;ldquo ; compostable. &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; These terms have infiltrated advertising as the plastics industry attempts to cope with the negative image of beaches defiled with plastic bottles , garbage patches in the ocean , shopping bags in gutters and straws up turtles&amp;rsquo ; noses . Indeed , items made from the most common plastics , such as polyethylene ( PE ) , polypropylene ( PP ) , polyethylene terephthalate ( PETE ) and polyvinyl chloride ( PVC ) are extremely durable and can stay around in the environment for decades and decades . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; That polyethylene hula hoop purchased back in the &amp;rsquo ; 50s looks none the worse for wear , and plastic bottle carelessly tossed into the ocean from a boat may float for decades before being battered enough by waves to break into smaller pieces that can then be mistaken for food by fish and end up in their stomach , and , eventually , in ours . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Most plastics are made from natural gas or petroleum , which is another concern , because these are non-renewable resources . So , we have a dual challenge . Find ways to cut down on the amount of plastic that gets discarded and find renewable resources that can be converted into &amp;ldquo ; bioplastics. &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Bioplastics are produced partly or wholly from living species such as plants or microbes rather than from fossil fuels . An example would be polylactic acid ( PLA ) , made from lactic acid , which in turn is produced by the action of lactic acid bacteria on starch from corn , cassava , sugarcane or sugar beets . PLA is deemed to be a &amp;ldquo ; green&amp;rdquo ; plastic because it is made from a renewable resource . It can be used to make transparent drinking cups , disposable tableware and teabags . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; However , bioplastics are not necessarily biodegradable . That term refers to substances that can be broken down by microbes normally found in the environment . Food scraps , human and animal waste , paper , wool and fallen leaves are biodegradable , but the speed at which this happens depends on the conditions . A cup made of PLA will biodegrade quite quickly if buried in soil , but will not break down in a landfill . It is , however &amp;ldquo ; compostable , &amp;rdquo ; which is why it is used to make compost bags . Note , though , that &amp;ldquo ; compostable&amp;rdquo ; does not mean that the plastic will break down in the compost heap in your back yard . &amp;ldquo ; Compostable&amp;rdquo ; on a label means that in a proper composting facility where temperature and pressure are strictly controlled , it will decompose into carbon dioxide , water and a complex mixture of organic compounds such as cellulose , hemicellulose and lignin , referred to as biomass . This will not happen in a landfill . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Furthermore , some bioplastics may not be biodegradable or compostable at all . For example , polyethylene can be made from ethylene that is made from ethanol that in turn is produced by fermentation of corn or sugar cane . This polyethylene is identical to the polyethylene made from ethylene derived from natural gas or petroleum and is not biodegradable or compostable , but could still be advertised as a &amp;ldquo ; bioplastic&amp;rdquo ; or as &amp;ldquo ; renewable polyethylene. &amp;rdquo ; Does it have any advantage over regular polyethylene ? Maybe . When the corn or sugar cane is growing , it uses up carbon dioxide from the air through photosynthesis . On the other hand , the land dedicated to the crops requires deforestation and the use of fertilizer and pesticides. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; While polyethylene is not biodegradable , it is recyclable . But you have to remember that recyclable does not necessarily mean recycled . Unfortunately , much of the plastic that goes into the blue bins ends up in landfills or incinerators . Separation of plastics is the big problem for the recycling industry . Biodegradable and compostable plastics are difficult to separate from other plastics and can contaminate the recycling stream . They should not be put in the recycling bin . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; The term &amp;ldquo ; degradable&amp;rdquo ; on a label is misleading . It just means that in some unspecified time , when exposed to the elements , it will break down into smaller pieces . A plastic bag can be said to be degradable because if it happens to end up in the ocean it will eventually break down into smaller pieces , but those smaller pieces of plastic can be a problem . &amp;ldquo ; Oxo-degradable&amp;rdquo ; means that metallic catalysts have been added to the plastic to cause a more rapid degradation when exposed to heat or light , but the breakdown products may not be biodegradable so this is not of great advantage . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; There is no simple solution to the plastic waste problem . But we can cut down on use , although that is not easy . I have been reusing a shopping bag for a year , but that also means I sometimes have to buy garbage bags . And remember that it is possible to drink a soft drink without a straw . So , forget the straw . Better yet , forget the soft drink . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;a href= "" **29;126911;TOOLONG "" **36;126942;TOOLONG &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;em&gt;Joe Schwarcz is director of McGill University 's Office for Science &amp; Society ( mcgill.ca/oss ) . He hosts The Dr. Joe Show on CJAD Radio 800 AM every Sunday from 3 to 4 p.m. &lt;/em&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2 class= "" cat-head short "" **40;126980;TOOLONG ... &lt;ul class= "" relatedlinks "" &gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href= "" https : **33;127022;TOOLONG ... columns by Joe **29;127057;TOOLONG &lt;/ul&gt; Joe Schwarcz , Special to the Montreal GazetteFri , 13 Mar 2020 15:30:21 **45;127088;TOOLONG ... Right Chemistry : Cure-all claims have a long historyhttp : **33;127135;TOOLONG ... &lt;img src= "" https : **33;127170;TOOLONG ... title= "" Spirit of Salt of the World is a 17th century booklet by Constantine Rhodocanaces that touts the supposed curative virtues of hydrochloric acid . "" alt= "" Spirit of Salt of the World is a 17th century booklet by Constantine Rhodocanaces that touts the supposed curative virtues of hydrochloric acid . "" data-portal-copyright= "" Allen McInnis "" **28;127205;TOOLONG "" 1 "" data-license-id= "" 1736997 "" /&gt; &lt;iframe width= "" 100% "" height= "" 100% "" frameborder= "" 0 "" allowfullscreen= "" true "" src= "" https : **34;127235;TOOLONG ... &gt; &lt;/iframe&gt; &lt;p&gt; Constantine Rhodocanaces came to England sometime in the 17th century from the Greek isle of Chios . He seems to have been an alchemist of sorts , brewing up medicine &amp;ldquo ; in a Physicall Laboratory in London , next door to the Three Kings-Inne. &amp;rdquo ; I know this because it says so right on the cover of a booklet he published in 1663 . A booklet that I now have . Not a copy , not a facsimile , but the original ! &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; I have a penchant for unusual historical items , especially if they deal with chemistry or pseudoscience . My interest is aroused even more if these two coalesce . That is just the case for Rhodocanaces&amp;rsquo ; s publication about Spirit of Salt of the World , his wonder product . I came across a reference to this epic when I was doing some research for my own recent book , A Grain of Salt , which also deals with chemistry and pseudoscience . When I saw that Spirit of Salt of the World was available from an antique book dealer , I jumped , and I now am the proud owner of this wonderful little relic . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; The first word that strikes your eye as you peruse the cover is &amp;ldquo ; ALEXICACUS , &amp;rdquo ; which is Greek for &amp;ldquo ; averter of evil . &amp;rdquo ; And that is just what Spirit of Salt of the World promises to do : avert all sorts of evil diseases , from scurvy and &amp;ldquo ; inflammation of the feet&amp;rdquo ; to kidney stones and the &amp;ldquo ; French Disease . &amp;rdquo ; Rhodocanaces enlightens the reader that he works in a lab &amp;ldquo ; Where all manner of Chymicall preparations are carried on without any Sophistication or abuses whatsoever . &amp;rdquo ; This is where his &amp;ldquo ; Spirits of Salt of the World&amp;rdquo ; is now &amp;ldquo ; Philosophically prepared and purified from all hurtful or Corroding Qualities , far beyond anything yet known to the World , being both safe and pleasant for the use of all Men , Women and Children . &amp;rdquo ; In those days , &amp;ldquo ; sophistication&amp;rdquo ; meant &amp;ldquo ; deception , &amp;rdquo ; and &amp;nbsp ; when today we would say &amp;ldquo ; scientifically&amp;rdquo ; in 17th century England the equivalent term was &amp;ldquo ; philosophically . &amp;rdquo ; While there certainly was science involved in preparing the product , there was also a dose of deception . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; So , what was &amp;ldquo ; Spirit of Salt of the World ? &amp;rdquo ; &amp;ldquo ; Spirit of salt&amp;rdquo ; is an old term for hydrochloric acid . And that is what Rhodocanaces was peddling and claiming that it was a virtual panacea . Hydrochloric acid was well known at the time , having been discovered some 800 years earlier by the alchemist Jabir ibn Hayyan , who produced it by mixing salt with sulphuric acid . Hayyan is also credited with having discovered that distillation of a solution of a mineral we now know as iron sulphate heptahydrate yields sulphuric acid . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Rhodocanaces was not the first to use hydrochloric acid as medicine , but he did claim that his product was superior to others . Ordinary &amp;ldquo ; Spirit of Salt , &amp;rdquo ; he said , was outright dangerous . He writes about hearing from the Right Worshipfull Thomas Middleton , apparently a trustworthy nobleman , that &amp;ldquo ; not long since a sick person making use of the common Spirit of Salt bought at the Apothecaries , died upon the taking of it . &amp;rdquo ; Having been so informed , &amp;ldquo ; charity towards my Neighbour commandeth me to make publick that hereafter greater caution may be had in using the vulgar Corrosive Spirit of Salt , instead whereof I make publick this , which is most innocent , and healthful , as may be seen in the following testimonies. &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; And there are testimonies galore . Mrs. Bird gave some of Rhodocanaces&amp;rsquo ; s acid to her children who were troubled with worms , &amp;ldquo ; which it presently kill&amp;rsquo ; d and brought away . &amp;rdquo ; A man &amp;ldquo ; sick of an inveterate Head-ach , which afflicted him at certain times every day , having been left by Physicians , and in opinion near death , did after purgation once and again prescribed , make use of this Spirit of Salt for the space of a week and was thereby suddenly and strangely recovered . &amp;rdquo ; Strange indeed . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; There is more . Rhodocanaces&amp;rsquo ; s concoction &amp;ldquo ; procures a good appetite and prevents putrefaction of anything in the Stomak , prevents Drunkennesse and sickness therefrom , expels diseases that arise from corrupted blood , by purifying it , that lay before idle , and settled in the veins , and makes it volatile , and to proceed more regularly in its circulation . &amp;rdquo ; It also &amp;ldquo ; keeps arteries from all filth , or slime , and sends away the water that lurks betwixt the skin and flesh , by Stool and Urine . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Of course , only the original will work . &amp;ldquo ; There are some who pretend to make this Spirit according to my preparation , wherefore I think good to let the world know , that as yet this Secret hath not been communicated to any . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Why do I find this booklet so fascinating ? Because it could have been written today . All you have to do is substitute &amp;ldquo ; Spirit of Salt&amp;rdquo ; with the name of one of the current outlandish products that some &amp;ldquo ; maverick&amp;rdquo ; blogger , doctor , naturopath or chiropractor is making available despite the efforts of Big Pharma to muffle the sales . The desperate and the worried-well are enticed with the same type of testimonials , smearing of competing products , besmirching of &amp;ldquo ; conventional&amp;rdquo ; medicine and secret breakthroughs as featured in my centuries-old document . Of course , all these claims should be taken with &amp;ldquo ; a grain of salt . &amp;rdquo ; Plus &amp;ccedil ; a change , plus c&amp;rsquo ; est la m&amp;ecirc ; me chose . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;a href= "" **29;127271;TOOLONG "" **36;127302;TOOLONG &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;em&gt;Joe Schwarcz is director of McGill University 's Office for Science &amp; Society ( mcgill.ca/oss ) . He hosts The Dr. Joe Show on CJAD Radio 800 AM every Sunday from 3 to 4 p.m. &lt;/em&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2 class= "" cat-head short "" **40;127340;TOOLONG ... &lt;ul class= "" relatedlinks "" &gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href= "" https : **33;127382;TOOLONG ... columns by Joe **29;127417;TOOLONG &lt;/ul&gt; Joe Schwarcz , Special to the Montreal GazetteFri , 06 Mar 2020 16:30:18 **45;127448;TOOLONG ... Montrealer is leading a U.S. team tracking the coronavirushttp : **29;127495;TOOLONG ... &lt;img src= "" https : **33;127526;TOOLONG ... title= "" "" I would n't call this a pandemic just yet . We would still have to wait a few months to make that kind of determination , "" says epidemiologist John Brownstein. "" alt= "" "" I would n't call this a pandemic just yet . We would still have to wait a few months to make that kind of determination , "" says epidemiologist John Brownstein. "" data-portal-copyright= "" Courtesy of Boston Children 's Hospital "" **28;127561;TOOLONG "" 1 "" data-license-id= "" 1737862 "" /&gt; &lt;iframe width= "" 100% "" height= "" 100% "" frameborder= "" 0 "" allowfullscreen= "" true "" src= "" https : **34;127591;TOOLONG ... &gt; &lt;/iframe&gt; &lt;p&gt; An epidemiologist from Montreal has been at the forefront of tracking down the &lt;a href= "" https : **33;127627;TOOLONG ... target= "" blank "" rel= "" noopener "" **25;127662;TOOLONG spread . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; John Brownstein , the chief innovation officer at Boston Children&amp;rsquo ; s Hospital and a Harvard professor , is a founder , creator and head of the hospital&amp;rsquo ; s &lt;a href= "" https : //healthmap.org/ "" target= "" blank "" rel= "" noopener "" &gt;HealthMap&lt;/a&gt; AI team , which was the first to alert the public , outside China , about some then-unidentified pneumonia-like cases in Wuhan on Dec. 30 . The team then alerted the World Health Organization ( WHO ) to the situation , and now the whole world is abundantly aware . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; ( Full disclosure : John Brownstein is my way , way smarter yet most affable and unassuming nephew , who has been a guest on myriad U.S TV talk shows and interviewed in newspapers across the continent. ) &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Nor does the coronavirus mark the first time Brownstein&amp;rsquo ; s HealthMap team has delved into deadly viruses . Since its creation in 2006 , it has dealt with everything from the avian and swine flu to MERS and Ebola. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;iframe width= "" 640 "" height= "" 360 "" src= "" https : **34;127689;TOOLONG ... frameborder= "" 0 "" allow= "" accelerometer ; autoplay ; encrypted-media ; gyroscope ; picture-in-picture "" **34;127725;TOOLONG &lt;p&gt; &amp;ldquo ; Certainly , the coronavirus doesn&amp;rsquo ; t appear to be as deadly as Ebola , &amp;rdquo ; he says . &amp;ldquo ; But it&amp;rsquo ; s the impact of the coronavirus on the elderly and those who are medically compromised that is of great concern . All the same , I wouldn&amp;rsquo ; t call this a pandemic just yet . We would still have to wait a few months to make that kind of determination . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Though some in the field have upped the mortality rate to three per cent of those with the virus , he cautions not to jump to conclusions . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &amp;ldquo ; We really have to be careful about the numbers we&amp;rsquo ; re putting out now . The situation is incredibly fluid at the moment . It depends on the underlying context , the capacity of the health system and the ability to differentiate between harsher and milder cases . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; What makes the coronavirus so complex to comprehend is that so much remains unknown about it . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &amp;ldquo ; We&amp;rsquo ; re still trying to understand the very features of the virus , how it is transmitted and spread , and whether or not it is symptomatic , &amp;rdquo ; he says . &amp;ldquo ; The challenge is the transmission is very hard to control . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; He predicts a vaccine will become available , but , unfortunately , not soon enough to stop the spread . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Unlike most other major viral outbreaks , the coronavirus has created panic and paranoia in some parts of North America , largely because it&amp;rsquo ; s in the news 24/7 . Many are scooping up &lt;a href= "" https : //wp.me/p4Uzqt-7hO6 "" target= "" blank "" rel= "" noopener "" &gt;face masks ( which are n't deemed to be very helpful ) &lt;/a&gt; and hand sanitizers , emptying store shelves and hoarding food supplies , and avoiding crowds and restaurants &amp;mdash ; &lt;a href= "" https : **33;127761;TOOLONG ... target= "" blank "" rel= "" noopener "" &gt;specifically Chinese eateries&lt;/a&gt; . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; The resultant hysteria has been linked to disinformation coming from uninformed sources on the internet . The HealthMap automated system is based on credible online news and social media reports as well as first-hand information from the field . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &amp;ldquo ; There is just so much content and confusion out there . We take all the credible data we have in our computer system in order to make a more accurate analysis of the situation . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Curiously , while his base of operations is Boston Children&amp;rsquo ; s Hospital , the coronavirus has had the least impact on kids , whose immune systems are often more ready for combat . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &amp;ldquo ; Our scope is essentially all ages . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; Unlike some who have speculated that the coronavirus will disappear with the advent of warmer weather , he is not so optimistic , suggesting that , on some levels , it&amp;rsquo ; s not unlike a flu or cold that can strike any time . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &amp;ldquo ; That&amp;rsquo ; s not really a hypothesis we can support right now . It&amp;rsquo ; s really about exercising caution . Certainly , it&amp;rsquo ; s always helpful to have supplies at home , and it can&amp;rsquo ; t be stated enough the importance of washing our hands . But , honestly , I really believe we will get through this . We&amp;rsquo ; ve seen worse . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;h2 class= "" cat-head short "" **40;127796;TOOLONG ... &lt;ul class= "" relatedlinks "" &gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href= "" https : **33;127838;TOOLONG ... Montreal woman who tested positive is back at home after medical **31;127873;TOOLONG &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href= "" https : **33;127906;TOOLONG ... Not ill ? Then wearing a mask is ' a poor use of a very limited resource ' &lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href= "" https : **33;127941;TOOLONG ... General Hospital ramps up preparations for a COVID-19 **29;127976;TOOLONG &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt; After graduating from high school in Montreal , Brownstein earned a full scholarship to Yale University . Following teaching and research assignments at Yale , he was hired at Harvard , where he became a full professor six years ago at the age of 36 . He has been the chief innovation officer at Boston Children&amp;rsquo ; s Hospital for 15 years . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &amp;ldquo ; AI has been such a boon to science and medicine , &amp;rdquo ; says Brownstein , who lives with his wife , Catherine , a geneticist and also a Harvard prof , and their two children , Jackson and Caroline . &amp;ldquo ; I had always been fascinated by computer science growing up and how it could benefit our health system . But I could never have anticipated the leaps AI has taken over the years and will continue to do so . &amp;rdquo ; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; All the same , he will never forsake his hometown . He visits here several times a year to touch base with family , friends and the ever-burgeoning restaurant scene . His biggest flaw probably is being an unabashed follower of the cursed New England Patriots. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; But given his contributions in helping stave off epidemics , he can be forgiven this trespass . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;a href= "" **32;128007;TOOLONG "" **39;128041;TOOLONG &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;a href= "" http : **28;128082;TOOLONG "" target= "" blank "" rel= "" noopener "" **30;128112;TOOLONG &; ... &lt;/p&gt; Bill Brownstein , Montreal GazetteThu , 05 Mar 2020 14:11:56 **45;128144;TOOLONG ... NewsTechnologyThe Right Chemistry : A giant hoaxhttp : **36;128191;TOOLONG ... &lt;img src= "" https : **33;128229;TOOLONG ... title= "" The Cardiff Giant is seen on display at the Farmers ' Museum in Cooperstown , N.Y . in 2013 . "" By 1870 , the giant ruse had been widely ridiculed by scientists and finally came to an end when the Chicago sculptor who had chiselled the "" petrified man "" confessed , "" Joe Schwarcz writes . "" alt= "" The Cardiff Giant is seen on display at the Farmers ' Museum in Cooperstown , N.Y . in 2013 . "" By 1870 , the giant ruse had been widely ridiculed by scientists and finally came to an end when the Chicago sculptor who had chiselled the "" petrified man "" confessed , "" Joe Schwarcz writes . "" data-portal-copyright= "" Martin Lewison "" **28;128264;TOOLONG "" 1 "" data-license-id= "" 1730249 "" /&gt; &lt;iframe width= "" 100% "" height= "" 100% "" frameborder= "" 0 "" allowfullscreen= "" true "" src= "" https : **34;128294;TOOLONG ... &gt; &lt;/iframe&gt; &lt;p&gt; Goliath wasn&amp;rsquo ; t just a large man . He was a giant ! According to the Bible , he was &amp;ldquo ; six cubits and a span&amp;rdquo ; in height , which translates to about 10.5 feet . And he is not the only giant to appear in the scriptures . In Genesis 6:4 , for example , we learn that &amp;ldquo ; there were giants on the Earth in those days . &amp;rdquo ; Clearly then , any physical evidence that giants once really roamed the Earth would be welcomed by biblical literalists . In October 1869 , it seemed that such evidence was unearthed . Literally . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; William &amp;ldquo ; Stub&amp;rdquo ; Newell owned a farm in Cardiff , New York , just south of Syracuse . He needed a well dug and hired two men for the job , pointing out exactly where they were to dig . It wasn&amp;rsquo ; t long before their shovels struck what at first seemed like a large boulder . But further digging unearthed a giant stone figure of a naked man ! Word quickly spread about the spectacular find . What was it ? An ancient statue ? Or perhaps the fossilized remains of a true giant ? Newell was quick to capitalize on the discovery , charging people 50 cents to view the colossus . Thousands flocked to the farm , with visitors drawn into debates about the origin of the mysterious find . There were the &amp;ldquo ; petrificationists , &amp;rdquo ; mostly religious individuals who believed they were looking at the body of a petrified man and claimed that this was evidence of giants , just as described in the Bible . Others speculated that it was a stone carving dating back to some previous civilization . Newell didn&amp;rsquo ; t care what people thought as long as the money kept flooding in , which it did . The &amp;ldquo ; Cardiff giant&amp;rdquo ; was attracting the curious and the faithful from across the country . &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; But the giant wa"
"<h> Related Galleries <p> In the beginning , glitch art was the appreciation of how software hiccups can distort an image . Depending on who you asked , glitch art only qualified as glitch art if the aesthetic cracks happened by accident . Then the medium evolved , and some digital artists began to force those errors by editing code and manipulating pixels . <p> At first blush , the images created with a new software called PixelDrifter look like yet more glitch art . In fact , the choppy , blurred effects seen here are the result of a new method called "" pixel sorting . "" <p> Russian electronic musician Dmitriy Krotevich wrote the code for PixelDrifter for fun . He 's not a programmer , but he had been tinkering with a pixel-sorting code created by computer artist Kim Asendorf , and was impressed . In PixelDrifter , which Krotevich built from scratch , each pixel has a "" power "" value determined by its luminosity or position on the screen . With a little prodding ( by setting options in the software ) from @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with other pixels . <p> "" By default , each pixel tries to find the ' weakest ' pixel among its closest neighbors and if one is found , they swap their positions , "" Krotevich says . "" Also pixels with a higher ' power ' value can do more ' swaps . ' "" Put differently , the pixels are imbued with enough intelligence to behave autonomously , although Krotevich says , "" an experienced user can predict a result . "" <p> Dmitriy Krotevich <p> Krotevich compares PixelDrifter to Conway 's Game of Life , the math game invented in 1970 by mathematician John Horton Conway . There are no players in Life , just an initial pattern input -- in the form of units on a gridded system , like a checker board -- that then reconfigures according to a set algorithm . As much as Conway 's Game of Life seems quaint today , when everything is quantified and algorithm-powered , it was ground-breaking for its time . After Scientific American published a story about the game , it spawned a ton of interest for computer @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ generative designers who would later user computers to conceive wild and complex patterns . <p> The appeal of PixelDrifter lies in that psuedo-artificial intelligence : The software lets illustrators relinquish just enough control to get an organic twistedness . It 's a little like splatter painting , but with pixels . So far the ready-to-use software has been put to use by illustrators , designers , and visual artists for pieces like album covers and visuals for live performances . More images can be seen over at the PixelDrifter Tumblr."
"<p> Jonah Wade is a madman whose paid soldiers are blowing up Shanghai . Also , he used to make action movies to recruit soldiers . That 's one of the many absurdly excellent ideas in the unfortunately choppy Army of Two : The 40th Day . <p> The mutli-million selling Army of Two series is back with a console sequel , the first big Electronic Arts release of 2010 . And woe to those who expect simply a retread of the overly macho 2008 Army of Two , another third-person shooter designed to be played by a pair of gamers . Woe to those expecting just more of EA 's spiritual sibling to Epic 's Gear of War . This is an idea-packed game that signals co-op gaming at a crossroads . <p> Army of Two : The 40th Day starts pretty much where it ends : Two players ( or a player plus the computer ) assume control of Salem and Rios , a pair of mercenaries who appear to trigger and then wind up in the cross-hairs of a massive terrorist assault on Shanghai . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ from the way you will shoot through a firefight to the moral decisions you need to make throughout the game . You 're pinned down by enemy fire ... you want to ask the little boy hiding on the sidelines to grab a sniper rifle and help you out ? You sure ? What does your friend think ? <p> Advertisement <p> LovedIdeas And More Ideas : For all the grunting machismo of Army of Two -- its stars being muscle men action heroes who enter a ruined zoo and joke about having fornicated with a panda -- there is something endearingly nerdy about the game . The 40th Day , you see , is actually an ideas game with experiments throughout . The co-op morality system is a winner , allowing either human player to decide the fate of several characters who you meet . There 's no voting . First player to press the button determines whether you will steal the guns from the nice , nervous security guard or put them back where you found them . Animated scenes show the long-term outcome of these decisions . Other @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , the ability to play rock-paper-scissors during down moments , and the system for adding zebra-stripes to machine guns . <p> Like A Marriage , But In A Warzone , With Guns : Army of Two , like Gears of War , is powered by the Unreal Engine 3 , features burly men shooting at burly enemies , and is set in a disaster area . What 's chiefly different is that Army of Two : The 40th Day 's campaign is ultimately more about you and the person with whom you are playing the game than it is about Salem or Rios or than Gears of War is about Marcus and Dom . Through the co-op morality and the handful of co-op shooting tactics , the Army of Two sequel encourages players to strategically play together . More importantly , it encourages them to talk about what they 're doing , be it as they decide on a moral choice or discuss plans for raiding a room . Consider , for example , the long boxes full of valuables that sit open in a room full of enemies but will @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ room too long . That 's the game 's way of nudging the players to decide to perform a Mock Surrender ( I 'll walk out , hands raised , while you run behind and snipe ) or a stealth grab ( I 'll grab that commander in a chokehold , his buddies will surrender and you tie them down ) . Sometimes things do n't work out or someone makes a rash move and feelings , not about the game but about the person you 're playing with , linger . That 's potent . Note : Partner artificial intelligence is adequate , but a lot is lost if you play the game without a human ally . <p> Sponsored <p> Needs More Zebra : College professors , prepare for the day one of your students writes about the philosophical divide between the gun-crazy Borderlands and the gun-crazy Army of Two : The 40th Day . The former game has over a million guns randomly generated from constituent parts and paintjobs . The weapons are doled out to players as prizes . Players keep the best of these random drops @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ fire or a revolver that shoots really fast ) . The 40th Day , in a mode apparently lead-developed by the man who brought us EA 's experimental dancing game Boogie , of all things , lets players assemble and paint the guns themselves . The further you play , the more parts you may buy , use , mix and match . Instead of leaving my gun-collection fate to the random lords of Borderlands , I joyfully embraced my agency to shape my guns . The result : A machine gun with a shotgun bolted to it , painted teal with bubbles on it ; a sniper rifle with tiger stripes . I skipped attaching a screwdriver bayonet to my guns . Randomization vs. control ? The latter is Army of Two 's flavor . <p> Co-Op At A Crossroads : Army of Two 's negatives ( see below ) suggest why The 40th Day should n't lead co-op design down its path . But the game 's strengths show some wonderful potential . The co-operative play of so many 2009 shooters , from Resident Evil 5 to Borderlands to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the tactics of tandem play but does far less than Army of Two : The 40th Day to toy with emotions and explore the psychological effects of playing a game 's campaign through with another human being . All the way up to the crafty final moment of the game -- a radical re-thinking of how boss encounters can work in co-op games -- this new Army of Two shows the power of a game that makes co-op players think about each . You may help each other , foil each other , but still you will have to live through this fight with each other . That there 's more to co-op than tactics is a great sign . <p> HatedCo-Op At A Crossroads : All is n't so great about what Army of Two : The 40th Day augurs for co-op design . The game is hobbled by its uneven pacing and finish-it-in-a-day length . Left 4 Dead 's co-op structure is designed for four players to blast through one of its campaigns in little more than an hour -- making it easy to re-play it and experience the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Ops does n't waste time trying to stitch together a story ( its single-player campaign does that ) so it can get away with jumping from place to place and letting level design take priority over overall narrative flow . Army of Two : The 40th Day , unfortunately , features seven levels of uneven quality and pacing , some of which contain exciting set-piece battles , others of which are a slog and none of which does much to advance a story that begins with a massive bombing in Shanghai and then barely advances the players ' or characters ' understanding of what 's happening . <p> Oversold Destruction : While it is impressive to watch skyscrapers collapse in the background of most of the levels -- this is urban beauty being destroyed as we play rather than , as with Gears of War , before we started -- it sends an expectation for destruction that is not met by the gameplay . If buildings can blow up , so too , it seems , should the desk the enemy is hiding behind . I can chip away at a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ any of the landscape damage that the chaos around me implies should be possible . It 's asking a lot to allow a game to offer that level of destruction , but some games do offer that and , well , that is what 's going on in the background . <p> Numerous Aggravations : Checkpointing is weird , sometimes saving progress before the unskippable cutscene that precedes a boss battle , sometimes right after . Some sequences that involve saving hostages begin with camera fly-throughs that suggest maybe the guys on the balcony need to be taken out -- yet if you ignore them , they do n't mess with you . The co-op move of attaching oneself to a player who has a shield , letting that player control movement while your own character can just shoot , results in a camera angle so obscured that maybe only a third of the screen does n't have your buddy or your forearm in it . These are signs of an under-polished experience and some ideas that got beyond the game designers ' best judgments . Some make the game more @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ' Multiplayer : It 's nice that Army of Two : The 40th Day has competitive multiplayer , but none of it feels special and befitting the level of ambition seen in the game 's campaign . Co-op deathmatch is little different than team deathmatch , as none of the special tactics from the campaign are available in that or the other competitive modes . Extraction , which will be unlocked for all gamers a month after the 40th Day 's release , is another survival mode , a la Gears of War Horde . Warzone is similar to Killzone 2 multiplayer , rolling competing teams of players through a series of timed variations on kill-the-VIP , set-the-bomb and so on . All these modes feel somewhat novel to play in pairs , but the absence of so much of the co-op tactical design of the main game makes them feel barely distinguishable from the superior versions of them found in competing games . <p> Army of Two : The 40th Day has some great ideas and a number of very strong levels . It even makes better use of a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ contains abandoned zoos . It is , more importantly , a fascinating laboratory for the psychological design of co-operative games . It is , however , also a game that feels too short , too choppy , to highly praise , though not short enough or chopped-up enough to encourage the kind of constant replaying that some of its co-op peers enjoy . Stuck in the middle , and built with creative ideas , the 40th Day points toward greatness but does n't go there . <p> Army of Two : The 40th Day was developed by EA Montreal and published by EA for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on January 12 . Retails for $59.99 USD . Two copies of the game were given to us by the publisher for reviewing purposes . Played through the campaign partially on my own , partially with others , finished it in eight hours . Discovered that the 40th Day is a Biblical reference to Jonah warning a city that God is angry with them ."
"<p> We 're at a turning point in the digital age , a moment when head-spinning technological innovations revolutionize every facet of our lives . Yet computer scientists , engineers and other technologists leading this revolution have stumbled , failing to anticipate the broader impact of their technological creations . Those failures risk undermining the public 's trust in the institutions and systems that bind us together as a society and community . <p> The time to harness technologies ' potential to do good is now . Our country 's colleges and universities have been crucial nerve centers of our digital age , incubating some of the most exciting technological innovations and educating leaders in the field . They can play a vital role in ensuring that the next generation of technologists in partnership with those that shape public policy are equipped to apply their skills and knowledge to questions of individual rights , justice , social welfare and the public good . That 's why we 're seeing more and more colleges and universities begin to develop programs at the intersection of public service and technology -- and why we need even more to get on board and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Our vision for this nascent field must be bold and inclusive . Imagine a world in which we train the next generation of technologists to leverage the power of technology to serve the public interest and offer them clear pathways to public service careers -- in the same way that law schools have trained generations of public interest lawyers through robust academic programs and career pipelines . <p> Today , these institutions and 17 others have come together to launch the Public Interest Technology University Network ( PITUN ) . Last summer , their presidents and provosts met to discuss the work that their institutions are doing to build knowledge and career pathways to inspire and incentivize a generation of public interest technologists . Now , they are joining to build a field of public interest technology . <p> On college campuses across the country , academic demand for public interest technology programming is high , and many students have begun self-organizing to share these opportunities with their peers . For example , students at Harvard University started Coding It Forward to teach their peers about service design and place @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ three years since its creation , more than 2,000 students have applied to the program . <p> Moreover , social demand for the field is high -- and rising every day . Without formal training , technology leaders often fail to understand the potential societal impacts of their products and design accordingly , while policy leaders often fail to find the most efficient systems for designing and measuring the impact of social programs that deliver services to millions . <p> We have much work to do . We are currently underinvesting in academic programs that provide the next generation of technology and policy leaders with the interdisciplinary training they need to succeed . That must change . We need to invest in a future where policy and technology will be increasingly intertwined . <p> Philanthropy also has a major role to play . The Ford Foundation had a central role in the early funding of public interest law as a distinct field of work , spurring the evolution of legal aid programs and the entire field of legal advocacy . More recently , the Hewlett Foundation has taken a leading @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ allows institutions to take the lead on policy work , creates a talent pipeline of experts available to serve both government and industry , and establishes a platform to disseminate key learnings to the public and policy makers . These key models and lessons inform the Public Interest Technology University Network as it seeks to develop the emerging field of public interest technology . <p> Colleges and universities are essential to growing the pipeline of public interest technologists , who represent key problem solvers at a time when information technology , innovation and artificial intelligence are reshaping every area of our lives . But the pipeline is only part of the broader public interest technology ecosystem that must be constructed . Government agencies and civic organizations at every level of operation must recognize the value of having technologists as team members , not simply to create technology but also to imagine new solutions and assess what technology can achieve -- and , realistically , what it can not . <p> In the private sector , technology companies must recognize the need for technologists with a much deeper understanding of public @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ these companies and their alumni , who have made their fortunes through technology , should be supporting public interest technology programs , internships and fellowships -- in the same way law firms and wealthy lawyers support their law schools . <p> With technology shaping nearly every aspect of our lives , undertaking this kind of collaborative campaign to unite technology and the public interest can not come a moment too soon . <h> Bio <p> Anne-Marie Slaughter is CEO of New America . Darren Walker is president of the Ford Foundation . Larry Kramer is president of the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation . The Public Interest Technology University Network will have a fall 2019 enrollment period for universities and colleges that are interested in becoming members in 2020 . Learn more here ."
"<h> Steve Jobs describes future of personal computing in 1983 speech <p> A 1983 speech from late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was made available recently , with the tech guru expounding on how personal computers would change the landscape of technology forever . <p> The talk , made available by the Center for Design Innovation ( viaThe Next Web ) , was from 1983 's International Design Conference at Aspen , at which a 20-something Steve Jobs spoke to how personal computers would change the world forever . His insight was eerily prescient as he described a day when email would dominate the communications landscape , people would use portable network-connected computing devices and users would be able to interact with machines in new and innovative ways . <p> In about 20 minutes , Jobs summarized the then-current state of personal computing , noting that the market was about to see a significant boom . He also said that computers would likely be poorly designed , a theory that became reality with the early beige boxes of the 80s and early 90s , including Apple 's own Apple @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" meant not only building aesthetically pleasing machines , but devices that had a utility of function like user-friendly GUIs akin to those seen on early Macs . <p> Near the end of his talk , Jobs looked even further into the future , hinting that technology like artificial intelligence and predictive computing could one day be a possibility . <p> He recalls how books helped him learn straight from the source instead of being filtered through interpretation when he was in school , citing Plato and Aristotle as two examples . The problem , Jobs said , was that the great minds could n't be tapped once they were dead . To this , he proposed a machine that can collect data , compiling it into a type of artificial intelligence . <p> "" I think as we look toward the next 50 to 100 years , if we really can come up with these machines that can capture an underlying spirit , or an underlying set of principles , or an underlying way of looking at the world so that then when the next Aristotle comes around "" Jobs @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ machines with him his whole life and types in all this stuff , then maybe someday after the person 's dead and gone we can ask this machine , ' Hey , what would Aristotle have said what about this ? ' And maybe we wo n't get the right answer but maybe we will . And that 's really exciting to me . "" <p> A video of the speech as well as an accompanying audio file can be found at the Center for Design Innovation 's blog."
"<p> This is a GIF made from a 3D photo taken with the LucidPix app . The movement shows how the perspective changes as you move your phone around . <p> LucidPix <p> After being in beta for months , the 3D photo app LucidPix is now available to iOS and Android users . Whether you have a newer phone like the iPhone 11 or Samsung Galaxy Z Flip or an older one like a Motorola Moto G6 or iPhone 6S , you can use the app take 3D photos . Best of all , you do n't need a special accessory or multiple rear cameras . Instead , LucidPix uses artificial intelligence to render 3D photos that will move as you tilt and pan your phone . <h> For more Mobile <p> Subscribe to the Mobile newsletter , receive notifications and see related stories on CNET . <p> Earlier this year at CES , Lucid showed off how its imaging magic does n't require specialized hardware like 2019 's $1,300 ill-fated Red Hydrogen One phone . LucidPix captures 3D photos with software that mimics how the human brain processes depth . The software started out in the company @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the Hydrogen phone and in the unreleased Red 8K 3D Lithium cinema camera . During its time in beta , LucidPix had a thorough vetting of its features and interface by over a million people who tried the app . <p> Here 's another 3D photo taken with the LucidPix app . <p> LucidPix <p> LucidPix can also convert your existing 2D photos to 3D . The finished images can be shared with the app 's community or on other platforms like Facebook , which has built-in support for displaying 3D images . Adding this social aspect to the app lets you share and view 3D images just like people do with 2D images on Instagram or Snapchat . In fact , there are several large groups on Facebook dedicated to 3D photos . And at this time LucidPix seems like one of the easier ways to create and customize your own 3D snaps . <p> "" The way consumers express themselves digitally and visually has evolved more and more to what we naturally see with our own eyes with depth , "" Han Jin , Lucid 's founder and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" Thus , over the past few years , the visual medium has become more multidimensional , leading to more portrait photos , 3D content , and AR and VR being created . "" <p> Jin suggests that the technology that powers the LucidPix app will one day have an impact on future photo formats from AR and VR to 3D and holograms , whether viewed on a phone or with a specialized headset."
"<p> Facebook , YouTube and Twitter were warned about an insidious new form of online extremism on Capitol Hill as they sought to push back on the notion that they are n't doing enough to rid their platforms of terrorists and hate-filled content . <p> Clint Watts , a senior fellow at George Washington University 's Center for Cyber and Homeland Security , told lawmakers that the U.S. is facing a unique type of threat he dubbed "" Anwar Awlaki meets PizzaGate . "" Watts 's idea , referencing the U.S.-born militant , is that in the future , someone could combine the social media prowess displayed by Islamic State with the bizarre case of a man who , believing the debunked PizzaGate conspiracy peddled online , brandished a gun inside a Washington , D.C. pizza shop . <p> "" The greatest concern moving forward might likely be a foreign intelligence service , posing as Americans on social media , infiltrating one or both political extremes in the U.S. and then recruiting unwitting Americans to undertake violence against a target of the foreign power 's choosing , "" Watts said @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ rather than radicalizing Americans to their ideologies , foreign actors could harness existing political divisions in the U.S. to manipulate citizens into committing a terrorist act . With alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election still firmly in the spotlight , social media is being closely scrutinized . <p> Each technology giant spent most of their testimony pushing back on the notion that they are n't doing enough to battle extremism online . <p> A representative from YouTube told U.S. lawmakers that the company is working hard to rid the platform of extremist content . ( Reuters ) <p> YouTube , which claims its machine learning technology now enables it to take down "" nearly 70 percent of violent extremist content within 8 hours of upload , "" has also cracked down on what it calls "" borderline videos "" -- content posted that espouses hateful or supremacist views , but is not technically in violation of the site 's community guidelines against direct calls to violence will now be harder to find , wo n't be recommended or monetized and wo n't have features like comments , suggested @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of Public Policy and Philanthropy for the U.S. and Canada , Carlos Monje , Jr. , told lawmakers the company has plans to safeguard the upcoming midterm Congressional elections . Those efforts include : verifying major party candidates for all state and federal active offices , monitoring trends and spikes in certain conversations relating to the 2018 elections to search for potential manipulation activity and bringing more transparency to voters about political advertising on Twitter . <p> Facebook claims that "" counterspeech "" is one tool in its arsenal against hate speech and extremism online . The ubiquitous social media company has partnered with a range of nongovernmental organizations and community groups to dissuade people from falling prey to extremist content . <p> "" Although counterspeech comes in many forms , at its core these are efforts to prevent people from pursuing a hate-filled , violent life or convincing them to abandon such a life , "" said Monika Bickert , head of product policy and counterterrorism at Facebook . <p> Watts testified that social media companies need to do more to distinguish between protected speech and speech that "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ nefarious social media personas to shout the online equivalent of ' fire ' in a movie theater . Bad actors and their fictitious and/or anonymous social media accounts can and have created a threat to public safety , "" Watts said . "" This is not protected free speech and many social media companies offer no method to hold these anonymous personas accountable . "" <p> Christopher Carbone is a reporter for FoxNews.com . Follow him on Twitter @christocarbone."
"<p> Apple plans to start assembling the iPhone in Bangalore by end April under a contract manufacturing arrangement with Taiwan 's Wistron . <p> The move by the company comes even as it awaits approval from the federal government for some of its proposals for lowering the import duties on components and for creating an ecosystem of local manufacturers who can supply components for the smartphones , according to sources close to the situation . <p> The Karnataka state , of which Bangalore is the capital , has announced Apple 's intentions to make the iPhone in the city . <p> Priyank Kharge , state minister for information technology , confirmed on telephone that the company had been cleared to make the phones in Bangalore and said it was a validation of the state 's industry-friendly policies . Having a leading tech company making its products in the state could also have spin-off benefits in terms of app development and work in the area of artificial intelligence by the state 's highly-skilled manpower , he added . <p> The company has not been extended any special incentives by the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> Apple did not immediately comment . The company has been planning to make its phones in India as well as set up its own retail stores in the country to address the booming local market , which is expected to see higher demand for Apple devices because of the rollout of 4G networks . iPhone sales were up over 50 percent in the country in fiscal 2016 over the previous year . <p> Getting the price down by local assembly is critical for Apple as the market is very price-sensitive . In the third quarter , Samsung Electronics , followed by Chinese and Indian brands like Lenovo and Micromax , led the Indian smartphone market , according to IDC estimates , largely because they have been able to deliver their products at various price points . <p> Apple has tried to get the Indian federal government to allow it to import refurbished phones that it could sell at low prices , but that proposal has run into criticism from some sections of government because of the environmental consequences of bringing into the country end-of-life products . Assembling phones @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , foreign-owned retail stores , thus giving momentum to this other plan of the company ."
"<h> Do n't Miss <p> The American economy sits on the verge of major structural change , thanks to a dynamic culture of innovation driven by the never-ending search for greater profits . This means technology takes center stage in nearly every industry . The technology that makes our lives easier may soon make some jobs scarce . In 1950 , the job of elevator operator was among the 270 careers listed on the United States Census . That job title is now extinct , representing the only known case of an entire occupation being obliterated by automation in the 50 years that followed . The next half-century may be less forgiving . Sophisticated software , robotics , automation , artificial intelligence ( AI ) , and changing trends are threatening the livelihoods of everyone from taxi drivers and restaurant servers to computer programmers and librarians . Many economists predict that automation , not outsourcing , will lead to the loss of more than 1.5 million jobs in America 's manufacturing sector . These technical innovations will soon render many longstanding skills and trades obsolete -- and the occupational grim reaper will discriminate according to class . Many of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ well-paying jobs one can get with only a high school diploma . Low-paying , unskilled jobs with low educational entry barriers are most susceptible to automation . These are the jobs that robots will do . Manufacturing will require greater technical skills to operate and program computers . The actual manual work will go the way of the dodo . Those who lose their jobs will largely be shut out of the high-paying , highly skilled jobs that remain , many of which will go to specialists tasked with tending to and improving upon the very machines and programs that replaced the human workers . Here 's a look at high-risk careers that will probably wilt over the next 50 years . You might not exist : Jobs with the highest divorce rates Visit thestacker.com for similar lists and stories ."
"<p> Cathie Wood is the CEO and chief investment officer of ARK Invest , which runs three of the highest-returning stock ETFs of the last three years . ARK Invest <h> This story is available exclusively to Business Insider subscribers . Become an Insider and start reading now . <p> Cathie Wood 's Ark Invest has had a "" very productive "" third quarter during which the $29 billion firm 's top five ETFs more than doubled the broad-based market 's returns . <p> In a quarterly webinar on Thursday , Wood said the coronavirus crisis turbocharged the five innovation platforms her firm is focused on , which consist of DNA sequencing , robotics , energy storage , artificial intelligence , and blockchain technology . <p> She and four Ark analysts also shared the top eight winning stocks contributing to Ark ETFs ' outperformance during the quarter . <p> The roaring returns for the five actively managed funds more than doubled those of the S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq composite , which gained 8.47% and 11.02% during the same period , the Bloomberg data shows . <p> In a quarterly webinar @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Ark , attributed the outperformance of the funds in part to the coronavirus crisis , which "" turbocharged the shift towards innovation that we 're underway anyway . "" <p> In normal times , some of these innovations might have taken longer to materialize , but the pandemic has accelerated that process by creating a lot of problems that these innovation platforms seek to solve , according to Wood . <p> Behind Ark 's stellar quarter are Wood and its analysts ' deep-dive research and analysis of each portfolio company . They shared the 8 winning stocks that have contributed to the active funds ' outperformance during the quarter . <h> The EV stocks <p> Electric vehicle-maker Tesla ( TLSA ) ' s stock , which has gone up 440% so far this year , is a big contributor to ARKQ . <p> Tesla 's record earnings last quarter are part of the reason why the stock surged but the real catalyst is "" Battery Day , "" when Tesla announced its plans to reduce battery costs by over 50% , increase range by 50% , and reduce capital costs @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> "" So these are extremely dramatic reductions and they are going to allow Tesla to produce a car that only costs $25,000 in the next three years , "" Keeney said . <p> She added : "" As we look at the electric vehicle market , Tesla 's sort of running away from competitors and as they 're able to drop costs , it will only become even more difficult for competitors in the electric vehicle space to offer cars that are equivalent on a price and performance and range characteristic . "" <p> Another top contributor to the fund is EV-maker Workhorse ( WKHS ) , whose stock has jump 456% this year . <p> "" Workhorse got a bit of attention this quarter because of Lordstown Motors , which they have a 10% stake in , "" said Keeney , noting that the stock benefitted from Lordstown Motors going public via a SPAC merger . <p> She continued : "" And Workhorse also received an order from the California Air Resources Board for its all-electric delivery trucks . "" <h> The internet stocks <p> For ARKW , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ contributors . <p> "" Their seller business recovered much more quickly than expected from the COVID-19 crisis , "" said analyst Max Friedrich of the factors driving Square 's 200% rise year-to-date . <p> He added that Square 's mobile payment app -- Cash App -- also delivered stronger than expected growth during the second quarter . <p> "" During the lockdown in March and April , investors were forced in some way to focus on the Cash App and really try to understand what 's going on in Square 's consumer ecosystem and the Cash App ecosystem , "" he explained . <p> "" And by doing that , they discovered that the Cash App could be the key growth driver going ahead for Square . And we think that especially has helped the stock in recent months . "" <p> What 's propelling Roku 's 70% jump this year is a new deal that they signed with Comcast , which allows Roku to carry Peacock streaming , according to analyst Nick Grous . <p> "" This is major news that they 're able to get this deal done @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ said . "" Every ad-supported streaming service that signs on , the standard deal and cut they usually take is about 30% of the ad load . So getting one of these top-tier ad-supported services is a win for them . "" <h> The biotech stocks <p> "" They appreciated mainly because of the announcement of positive top-line data for the SER-109 trial , "" said analyst Ali Urman of Seres Therapeutics , a late-clinical stage biotechnology company in Massachusettes . <p> Meanwhile , Invitae 's stock rose on its investments in telemedicine , according to Urman . <p> "" They also make investments in artificial intelligence , genetic counseling , world-class germline variant interpretation , pharmacogenomics , and clinical workflows , "" she said . "" And we believe that gives Invitae an advantage over its competition . "" <h> The fintech stocks <p> "" Zillow will continue to benefit from mortgage rates that have dropped to really 50-year lows and from the premium that is now placed on personal space as a result of COVID-19 , "" said analyst Friedrich . <p> He added : "" We think @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ buying and selling real estate is really ripe for disruption . And we expect that there will be a lot of value created by simplifying that process and taking friction out of that process . "" <p> Another industry disruptor is Sea , which is primarily known for its e-commerce business and gaming unit . <p> "" What a lot of people do n't know about this company is it also has a digital banking services arm called SeaMoney , "" said analyst Grous . "" Their mobile wallet has seen tremendous growth ... so total payment volumes for the last quarter exceeded $1.6 billion and surpassed 15 million paying users . "" <p> He continued : "" The reason that Sea has seen such success is because it does n't operate each individual unit separately . It tries to combine and find synergies between its e-commerce , gaming , and now digital banking services . "" <p> Newsletter <p> Start your day knowing what traders are talking about . Sign up to 10 Things Before the Opening Bell <p> LoadingSomething is loading . <p> Email address <p> By clicking @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ emails from Business Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy ."
"<h> Please help us continue to provide you with free , quality journalism by turning off your ad blocker on our site . <h> Thank you for signing in . <p> If this is your first time registering , please check your inbox for more information about the benefits of your Forbes account and what you can do next ! <p> I agree to receive occasional updates and announcements about Forbes products and services . You may opt out at any time . <p> I 'd like to receive the Forbes Daily Dozen newsletter to get the top 12 headlines every morning . <p> Forbes takes privacy seriously and is committed to transparency . We will never share your email address with third parties without your permission . By signing in , you are indicating that you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . <p> As the world prepares to embrace the new normalcy of life , a lot of companies have started allowing their employees to work from home to ensure their safety after the outbreak of COVID-19 . This is especially true for organizations with computer programming , data science , artificial intelligence , engineering @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ solution , remote work is likely to become the normal way of keeping such businesses functional . <p> Most of the companies have always preferred hiring locally , requiring employees to stay in the local region even when allowing work from home . Due to this , individuals from different parts of the world migrate to locations that have more job opportunities such as Silicon Valley , New York City , Seattle , etc . As a result , such locations in the United States have become the technology innovation epicenters . For example , the presence of the top software engineering talent has fueled the startup gold rush era in California and has enabled the tech giants like Google , Facebook , Cisco , etc. to grow extraordinarily . But , with the creation of the new at-home economy , the local hiring structure is undergoing a once-in-a-lifetime transition . <p> Remote work is n't a new concept . Companies have been including work from home policies in their business systems for several years . Earlier , remote work options were provided infrequently and were restricted to once or @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , companies are framing new remote work policies . As a matter of fact , several tech giants have already started announcing their plans about adopting the work from home policies permanently . Twitter announced that its employees can work from home indefinitely . Facebook has announced that it will have 50% of its workforce operating remotely by 2030 . Google has also revealed that the majority of its employees will work from home for the remainder of the current calendar year . 90% of Morgan Stanley 's 80,000 employees are currently working from home ; James Gorman , the CEO , sees a future where a part of every month for a lot of our employees will be at home . Similarly , Accenture CEO Julie Sweet has said that remote working is here to stay . <h> Impact of Remote Work On Adoption Of Artificial Intelligence <p> Remote work does n't apply to all job fields but jobs that involve working with finance , technology , or jobs that can be done with the use of computers and an internet connection . <p> Within the technology field , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is widely considered as the job skill of the future . With more and more businesses realizing the power of AI in different industries , we are at the threshold of experiencing an AI and Data revolution . Being able to work remotely has created endless work opportunities in every field including AI . But , among all industries , Information Technology and AI have the maximum remote work feasibility . In fact , the adoption of AI may increase due to remote work capability . With no location barriers , recruiters will be able to hire more talented AI professionals who have been unwilling to relocate . Besides opportunities for experienced professionals like AI software engineers , data scientists , computer vision engineers , etc. , it will also have entry-level job opportunities for freshers or professionals looking for a career change . Additionally , there will also be drastic growth in educational AI opportunities as more people will be eager to upgrade their skills to keep pace with the AI and Data revolution . <p> With companies looking for ways to adopt AI in simplification of business processes @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to increase with remote work adoption . Interestingly , companies will need the help of AI and Data tools to manage remote employees efficiently . <h> The Emergence of New Artificial Intelligence Tech Centers <p> Remote work in AI will remove the location restrictions , thus , allowing the AI talent across the world to work without having to relocate to other AI tech center locations . Hence , this will create an opportunity for companies to build AI tech centers wherever AI talent is . Most likely , these new hubs will be created in regions where there is AI talent coming out of top universities such as MIT , Harvard , Carnegie Mellon University , University of Toronto , University of Waterloo , etc . These university graduates would not be required to relocate to the West Coast to land a job of their interest . Instead , they would be able to stay in their local region or hometown and still get hired by top-notch employers . <p> A lot of talented people give up on their dream jobs or career opportunities when asked to relocate to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ anymore as talented and capable individuals will get to join their dream companies while staying in their region . So , companies will be able to recruit the right candidates without thinking about location constraints . <p> With time , the world will experience the decentralization of AI talent , thus , increasing the scope of the field by manifold . <h> New Hub-And-Spoke Model For Cities <p> Some companies are allowing remote employees to work from towns only within 4-5 hours of driving distance from existing technology hubs like Silicon Valley or NYC . The reasoning for this may be to bring employees to the campus once a week for in-person meetings . As a result , new townships will be built in these relatively inexpensive places , which will eventually de-stress the urban areas . Remote work trends may redefine how city hubs will be restructured in terms of public infrastructure and other resources . A new hub-and-spoke city model may emerge where an existing hub will be connected to several spokes within a few hours of driving distance . As an example , Facebook has already announced @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of driving distance from its major tech hubs in the US . <p> In addition , there are several added benefits to the hub-and-spoke model for regions . New AI hubs in distant locations will allow urban areas to breathe . With fewer vehicles on the road for the work commute , there will be a drop in traffic congestion , air pollution , and noise pollution . When people will save their travel time , they will have more time and energy to invest in their jobs . Furthermore , the remote work setup is also likely to help in reducing poverty , improving healthcare , etc . <h> Overcoming Mental Health Concerns With AI <p> Remote work does have its perks but it also affects the mental health of individuals . Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is concerned about the consequences of remote work . He expresses his concern while saying , "" What does burnout look like ? What does mental health look like ? What does that connectivity and the community building look like ? One of the things I feel is , hey , maybe we @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in this phase where we are all working remotely . What 's the measure for that ? "" <p> While some may disagree with this notion , there are chances that remote work might affect employees ' mental health in one way or the other . AI may be needed here . AI has shown exceptional results in mental health care . With the help of AI solutions , healthcare professionals can diagnose and treat mental illness efficiently . Smart AI algorithms combined with machine learning help in the detection of mental illness traits . AI-based chatbots help humans to communicate about their life issues without any hesitation . Therefore , as we step into the world of remote working , we must also identify the issues related to mental health and take the aid of AI in finding appropriate resolutions . <h> Bottom-line <p> Remote work is the new norm for several companies . The influence of remote work in the AI field looks promising with opportunities and challenges . In fact , the new at-home economy may further fuel the adoption of AI . In general , we @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ job opportunities over time . It will create new models of work , not just for individuals but also for companies and cities . <p> Dr Sanjit Singh Dang has been a successful Venture Capitalist , Corporate Executive , Board Member , Speaker and Writer in Silicon Valley for almost two decades . He is <p> ... <p> Dr Sanjit Singh Dang has been a successful Venture Capitalist , Corporate Executive , Board Member , Speaker and Writer in Silicon Valley for almost two decades . He is currently the Co-Founder and Chairman of U First Capital . They provide Venture Capital as a Service to Corporations by bringing Startups , University IP , etc in the Corporate 's specific areas of interest ( dedicated model ) . Prior to that , he was at Intel Capital where he had an excellent track record of driving 1 Exit every year : Orb Intelligence ( Acquired by Dun and Bradstreet in 2020 ) , Pinterest ( IPO 2019 ) , DocuSign ( IPO 2018 ) , Body Labs ( AI startup , Acquired by Amazon in 2017 within 2 years of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Intel in 2016 within 7 months of leading Series A investment ) , Maginatics ( Acquired by EMC in 2015 within 1 year of leading investment ) , and Basis Science ( Acquired by Intel in 2014 within 1 year of investment ) . He has been an Investor and on the Board of several companies , including True Fit ( AI for eCommerce , Raised $100M ) , Reflektion ( AI recommendation for eCommerce , Raised $42M ) , Helpshift ( AI-driven Customer Service , Raised $38M ) and Enlighted ( Smart Lighting , Acquired by Siemens in 2018 ) . He is also an investor in Mirantis ( Cloud Computing , raised $100M ) , GoodData ( SaaS Business Intelligence , raised over $100M ) and Arcadia Data ( Big Data 2.0 , Raised $26M ) . Sanjit has been on a US-level Tech/Innovation Policy Advisory team . He is on the Advisory Council of UN 's World Artificial Intelligence Organization . He has also been on University of California President 's Innovation Council . Sanjit has the fastest Engineering PhD from University of Illinois ( 2yrs 9mo @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ top research awards . He also attended the VC Executive program at Haas School of Business , UC Berkeley . He 's an invited Speaker at several top conferences , eg SURGE/WebSummit , Venture Summit West , TiECon , Collision , ShopTalk , McKinsey Leadership Summit , Silicon Valley Open Doors , Global AI conference , etc . He 's a mentor at Stanford and Berkeley 's Entrepreneurship programs . Sanjit has over a decade of Exec leadership experience in Product Design , Business Development and Strategy across several domains : Big Data , Natural Language Processing , 3D Camera/Apps , Supply-Chain Analytics and Flash Memory . He has managed $2Bill/year accounts and executed 30 partnership deals in $100M-$2Bill range . Always striving to be ahead of the curve , Sanjit worked on Big Data Analytics before industry created the term ' Big Data ' . Similarly , he launched 2 online courses during graduate school in 1999 and published iconic papers on learnings , way before the MOOC revolution started ."
"<h> The Power of Harnessing Patient Safety Data with Artificial Intelligence <h> Breadcrumb <h> Executive Dialogue <p> As artificial intelligence ( AI ) and machine learning ( ML ) continue expanding into health care , its full potential remains unknown . Health care organizations are beginning to use AI and ML to improve clinical decision-making , enhance patient engagement and make health care providers more efficient and productive . The development of an AI system , however , is only as good as the data used to create it . This executive dialogue will discuss the intersection of AI and patient safety , exploring ways big data can be harnessed to prevent patient harm . It not only will examine key metrics that organizations can use to identify the potential for harm , but it also will explore ways to achieve clinician support and buy-in . <p> Noncommercial use of original content on www.aha.org is granted to AHA Institutional Members , their employees and State , Regional and Metro Hospital Associations unless otherwise indicated . AHA does not claim ownership of any content , including content incorporated by permission into AHA produced materials , created by any third party @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ otherwise reproduce such third party content . To request permission to reproduce AHA content , please click here ."
"<h> Hifi Completes $10 Million Equity Financing <p> CALGARY , Alberta , July 08 , 2019 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Hifi Engineering Inc . ( "" Hifi "" ) , a developer and supplier of next generation fiber optic sensing technology used to monitor assets including pipelines and oil and gas wells , today announced the successful closing of a $10.0 million equity financing . BDC , Canada 's bank for entrepreneurs , who is a new investor in Hifi , co-invested with an existing strategic investor in Hifi , with each investing $5 million of equity capital . The proceeds of the financing will primarily be used to assist with the rapid commercial growth of Hifi on both a domestic and international basis , as well as to fund continued research and development-based innovations including the next generation release of Hifi 's high fidelity dynamic sensing ( HDS ? ) platform , as well as flow monitoring , and continued artificial intelligence / machine learning based algorithm development . <p> "" Hifi is very pleased to have a new strategic partner such as BDC joining our existing long-term investors , "" said Steven Koles , President &amp; @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with our existing investors in Enbridge and Cenovus represents a powerful force that will accelerate the successful application of Hifi 's HDS technology to the pipeline monitoring industry , which will assist in improved pipeline safety for all stakeholders . The financing is also accretive to existing shareholders and further validates the significant value creation accomplished over the past several years . "" <p> Hifi 's fiber optic sensing and monitoring system has been commercially deployed with a number of partners such as oil and gas pipeline operators , mining operators , and water utilities in Canada , the U.S. , Europe and South America . The financing will allow Hifi to continue expanding its deployments on both new build and existing pipelines to improve leak prevention and detection for infrastructure partners . <p> "" We are excited to be part of Hifi 's organization and to support its management team 's impressive growth plans , which are a win for both the environment and the economy , "" says Cheri Corbett , Director , Cleantech Practice at BDC . "" We are confident that Hifi can continue on its @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ across North American and internationally , "" Corbett says . "" This innovative company has a management team with a proven track record of value creation in this sector , a strong board of directors and a well-aligned shareholder base . "" <p> About HifiHifi is a privately held Canadian company , with minority ownership from Enbridge , BDC and Cenovus , specializing in the research , development , supply and commercial operation of next generation fiber optic sensing technologies primarily used for preventative leak detection for pipelines and monitoring of critical assets . Headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , Hifi currently has a number of commercialized products based on its high fidelity dynamic sensing ( HDS ? ) technology platform , over 50 patents , and was named Digital Innovator of the year for the 2019 Global Petroleum Show ( GPS ) awards . For more information , visit hifieng.com <p> About BDC BDC is the only bank devoted exclusively to entrepreneurs . It promotes Canadian entrepreneurship with a focus on small and medium-sized businesses . With its 123 business centers from coast to coast , BDC provides businesses @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ investment arm , BDC Capital , offers equity , venture capital and flexible growth and transition capital solutions . BDC is also the first financial institution in Canada to receive B Corp certification . To find out more , visit www.bdc.ca."
"<h> 0 <p> Salesforce launched three AI tools for developers today at the TrailheaDX developer conference . These algorithms , which fall under the new Einstein Platform Services , enable third-party developers to add Einstein intelligence to applications built on top of the Salesforce platform . <p> The new services include sentiment and intent analysis and some pretty sophisticated image recognition analysis tools , that , when properly trained , can count objects and even recognize attributes like color or size . The three services open up all kinds of possibilities for developers to tap into these advanced technologies to build sophisticated functionality into apps built on top of Salesforce . <p> The Einstein Intent tool allows programmers to understand the intent of customer inquiries , which could make it easier to automatically route leads , escalate service cases or personalize a marketing campaign through a custom app . This could be particularly useful for prioritizing customer service inquiries . <p> The Einstein Sentiment tool uses advanced technology to understand sentiment , even in cases when it is not entirely clear from the wording . Typically keyword-based tools have trouble @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ designed to deal with these . Richard Socher , chief data scientist at Salesforce , who came over in the acquisition of MetaMind last April , suggests if you have difficult wording like "" not absolutely satisfied , "" a keyword-based system might pick up on absolutely and satisfied and miss the not . <p> Photo : Salesforce <p> "" These are much more robust at understanding this and some forms of sarcasm . The power of deep learning can be much more accurate . It 's not just using a preset list of positive or negative words , "" Socher explained . <p> Perhaps the most remarkable of the three algorithms announced today is Einstein Object Detection , which developers can train to recognize objects and very detailed attributes about them including the number . This could come in handy when developing inventory apps , but could be used across a variety of scenarios which take advantage of image recognition technology such as measuring share of shelf in a store or identifying models for customer service calls . <p> These tools very likely still require some skills around machine @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ set of functionality out of the box that give programmers who otherwise would n't consider artificial intelligence a tremendous head start . <p> The sentiment and intent analysis can take advantage of data you already have on your customers in the Salesforce CRM and service databases ( assuming you 're using both ) . You can use other data sources if you wish , but having access to Salesforce data gives a working data source right away . <p> Socher has worked on this for some time on theoretical research level and is now seeing some of that work enter real-world use cases . "" I 'm excited to see it move from research to production data systems , "" he said . <p> Featured Image : Gary Waters/Getty Images <h> 0 <h> Crunchbase <p> OverviewSalesforce is a global cloud computing company that provides business software on a subscription basis . It is best known for its on-demand customer relationship management ( CRM ) solutions . It offers users with a customer community , partner community , developer community , and an app exchange marketplace . Salesforce provides its products @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , ... <p> OverviewSalesforce Ventures invests in the next generation of enterprise technology to help companies connect with their customers in entirely new ways . Portfolio companies receive funding to accelerate their growth and gain a competitive edge through access to the world 's largest cloud ecosystem and the guidance of salesforce.com 's innovators and executives . With Salesforce Ventures , portfolio companies ..."
"<h> The Current State of the Ad Tech and Martech Industries <p> As it stands today , the advertising and marketing tech industries are broken and have been for years . This might sound shocking , given that $8.8 billion of VC money was invested in martech in 2017 alone . But despite the investor interest in these industries , the fact is that the creation of a middle layer consisting of advertising infrastructure between brand and consumer has exacerbated the problems of fraud and money being spent in all the wrong places . To solve these problems , the industry needs players that can ensure that brands ' money is being spent efficiently and optimally . <p> As brands begin to move the greater slice of their advertising budgets to digital , there has been ( unsurprisingly ) a rise in the number of players trying to get a piece of that budget . Large companies such as Unilever have an enormous amount of money to spend : in the case of Unilever , its advertising budget in 2018 was $8.5 billion , compared to the 10.5 billion spent by the world 's second largest advertiser , Proctor @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the advertising ecosystem expands , there is a corresponding increase in the potential for fraud . Fraudulent traffic , bots , click injection , the selling of mislabeled or non-existent inventory -- all of these have become commonplace within the industry , providing further validation that the system is broken . Using technologies like deep learning will go a long way toward restoring trust in the industry , and those companies that make the leap first will find themselves in an ideal position . <p> Right now , the biggest players in the adtech and martech arenas are familiar names . Facebook , Google and Amazon lead the pack when it comes to being able to identify target audiences and reach them with precision . Their immense databases , packed with information on customers ' identities and habits -- along with the use of AI algorithms -- have created efficient mechanisms that are able to optimize media buys and spending . At the same time , several large brands have openly voiced their displeasure over the lack of transparency and accountability from platforms like Facebook and subsequently reduced their spend @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to pick up the slack . One such adtech company is MediaMath , which recently raised a healthy $180 million to help fund acquisitions and expand its reach within the ad tech industry . A leader in the DSP ( demand-side platform ) space , MediaMath is constantly coming up with new ways to find unique and premium supply that their clients can tap into . For instance , the company was one of the first to market directly to brands , on the assumption that they would want to control their spend and data in-house instead of relying on agencies to carry out the work for them . MediaMath also helped craft the IAB 's Transparency and Consent Framework , which helps all parties determine whether or not they are in compliance with GDPR requirements , thus ensuring continued transparency and maintenance of consumer privacy . <p> One simple way for MediaMath to continue this commitment to transparency and efficiency would be through acquiring a martech company such as Cognitiv . This is a firm that has the experience and tools necessary to make digital advertising more efficient for @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ deep learning . This last point is important , because only through the use of deep learning will platforms be able to make media buying more effective and efficient , finding the real humans instead of the bots . <p> On top of that , a deep learning algorithm or a neural network unique to a brand or a KPI ( such as the ones built and trained by Cognitiv ) is capable of digesting huge amounts of data and finding patterns that humans are unable to see . In other words , it is capable of identifying trends and opportunities specific to a brand that might otherwise have gone unnoticed -- a huge competitive advantage that ensures that money is being spent efficiently . It is also able to identify potentially fraudulent activity , such as traffic being generated by bots , or mis-attributed impressions . So , any company that can offer this service to its clients would find themselves better able to prove their value on two fronts . Given that marketers have proven themselves to be unyielding when they perceive any waste or inefficiency , and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ underperforming partners , having an AI ace in the back pocket allows adtech partners to demonstrate their worth more clearly . <p> At the moment , there are relatively few , if any , players in the advertising space who are using deep learning to make their marketing initiatives more efficient . For any brand , the goal is to make more money . Right now , it seems like the adtech industry has plateaued in that arena . Without deep learning , the gains made over the past decade will begin to falter . It 's time for big adtech players to take a step back and think about what they can do to provide better value to their partners , whether it 's to make a strategic martech acquisition or invest in deep learning . It 's time to take the industry to the next level . <p> We store cookies on your computer to improve your experience and provide more personalized services , both on this website and on other sites . For more information about the cookies we use , see our Privacy Policy . We @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . We will have to use at least one cookie to ensure that you wo n't have to make this choice again.AcceptPrivacy Policy"
"<p> Not everyone is a fan of the new Animal Crossing game . China has been pulling the hit Nintendo Switch title from online stores after a prominent Hong Kong activist began using the game to protest the country 's government . <p> Local media outlets , Reuters , and analysts all noticed that Animal Crossing : New Horizons is no longer listed on two Chinese e-commerce sites , Taobao and Pinduoduo . The reason ? A social media post from a seller in China claims local authorities have issues with a central gameplay mechanic in Animal Crossing : the ability to build and customize your own island . <p> The same mechanic means you can craft political messages and post the results on social media . Hong Kong activist Joshua Wong is among the people using the feature to troll China 's leadership . On Twitter , he 's been posting pictures of his creations , one of which shows the words "" Free Hong Kong-Revolution Now "" alongside an in-game image of Chinese President Xi Jinping . <p> "" Animal Crossing is Fast Becoming a New Way for Hong Kong Protesters to Fight for Democracy ! The Covid-19 pandemic has halted public demonstrations , so protesters are taking their cause to Animal Crossing , "" he wrote in one of his tweets . <p> China routinely censors anti-government content , so the efforts to stop the game sales are no surprise . In February , local authorities also pulled Plague Inc. , a game that lets you create a virus to wipe out humanity , right as China was trying to contain the coronavirus pandemic . <p> In Animal Crossing 's case , the game has not been officially released in the country . Instead , local merchants have been buying overseas versions of the product to sell to Nintendo Switch gamers in the country . <p> According to Daniel Ahmad , a video game analyst with Niko Partners , Chinese consumers can still buy the game by contacting Taobao sellers privately or by going to physical "" mom and pop "" video game shops in the country . <p> "" As to whether there will be an ' officially approved ' version of the game is up for debate , "" he said in a tweet thread . "" China regulators may not approve an official version of the game in the future due to user generated content and political sensitivities , but that did n't stop Minecraft from being approved . "" <p> A pro-Chinese government message created in Animal Crossing . <p> In the meantime , pro-Chinese government gamers in the mainland are realizing they can use Animal Crossing to push back against Wong . On Friday , he posted an image of a gamer using a customized island to share the message : "" One country , two systems , a unified China . "" <p> "" Alright , now they are flocking to Animal Crossing and promoting Chinese propaganda there to ' challenge ' me ... Do they really not see the irony ! ? "" he tweeted in a reference to China 's censorship . <h> About Michael Kan <p> Michael has been a PCMag reporter since October 2017 . He previously covered tech news in China from 2010 to 2015 , before moving to San Francisco to write about cybersecurity . He covers a variety of tech news topics , including consumer devices , digital privacy issues , computer hacking , artificial intelligence , online communities and gaming . You can reach him at email protected <h> Honest , Objective Reviews <p> PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology , delivering Labs-based , independent reviews of the latest products and services . Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology . <p> PCMag , PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis , LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission . The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag . If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service , we may be paid a fee by that merchant ."
"<h> Lithuania fights info war as it marks independence anniversary <p> In this photo taken on January 11 , 1990 Lithuanians demonstrate for independence from the Soviet Union , in Vilnius Vitaly Armand/AFP <p> On March 11 , a public holiday commemorates the day that the newly democratically elected Parliament of Lithuania declared independence in 1990 , catalysing the collapse of the Soviet Union . <p> At midday on Wednesday in the Independence Square of Lithuania 's capital city , Vilnius , crowds gathered for the "" Freedom "" celebration as the three Baltic flags were raised , before marching through the government district . <p> Thirty years since independence , Lithuania is still battling for the freedom of information , as civic initiatives and legislation are set out to counter false news stories from Russian state TV and social media . <p> Russian disinformation is nothing new to Lithuania or its Baltic neighbours , Latvia and Estonia . <p> "" It never truly ceased after the end of the Soviet Union . But there was a significant lull leading up to 2004 , when all three Baltic states joined NATO , "" says Monika Hanley , a researcher @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , a NATO organisation based in Riga , Latvia that monitors and publishes reports on Russian disinformation . <p> Since the annexation of Crimea in 2014 , false narratives became "" much more aggressive , "" says Lukas Andriukaitis , an Associate Editor at the Digital Forensic Research Lab at the Atlantic Council . <p> Typical narratives portray the Baltics as failed states that have fared worse since leaving the Soviet Union , or as Nazi sympathisers that oppress the Russian population . <p> Andriukaitis monitors Russian disinformation in the Baltics , particularly about NATO 's presence in the region . <p> "" Every week we see new narratives , "" he says , describing a recent story from Russia , which alleges that a large-scale NATO military exercise in Europe , "" Defender 2020 "" , will cause the coronavirus to rapidly spread across Europe . <p> When Russian operatives again broke into online news platform Kas vyksta Kaune , they posted a new story about US plans to move nuclear weapons to Lithuania . They sent fake emails pretending to be from known journalists to Lithuanian officials , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and even a fake tweet from the US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo "" congratulating "" the Lithuanian president on the news . <p> Back in Russia , the story was circulated widely across social media channels . <p> The aim , says Elina Lange-Ionatamishvili , a senior expert at Stratcom , is to create chaos . <p> "" It seeks to create mistrust between citizens and their government , shift the focus away from Russia and portray Russia in a positive light , "" she says . <h> The ' Elves ' versus the trolls <p> A rapidly growing counter disinformation initiative in Lithuania is the so-called Elves , a loose network of more than 3,000 anonymous volunteers who spend their free time dismantling the information campaigns of Russian trolls . <p> "" They may be mathematicians , chemistry experts , linguists , "" says Vaidas Saldziunas , a defence correspondent at Delfi , a Baltic media outlet that collaborates with the elves . <p> The group was formed in 2014 following the conflict in eastern Ukraine when the threat of Russian information warfare on the West became a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ thought , what can they do to prevent the same thing happening here , "" says Saldziunas . <p> Another counter-disinformation project is the website Demaskuok . <p> Also known as Debunk.eu , it is formed by a collaboration of the military , journalists and civil society , funded by Google Digital News Innovation Fund and Delfi . <p> Using an analytic tool driven by multiple artificial intelligence algorithms , it scans an estimated 30,000 articles a day from more than 1,000 sources against a database of trigger words and narrative . <p> Elves and fact checkers verify the articles and identify the potential false narratives . Flagged content is then reviewed by journalists from a range of outlets and the elves potential further action , including vigorous debunking . <p> "" If we expose the source of disinformation , there 's a good chance people will realise it ca n't be trusted , "" says Saldziunas . <p> Alberto Alemanno , a professor of EU law and regulation at HEC Paris , says the initiative 's impact is "" limited given the scale and nature of disinformation "" . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . One 2017 study shows that correcting disinformation does not change people 's political perceptions . <h> Internal weaknesses <p> The lack of a "" clear-cut "" criteria used by debunking initiatives across Europe leaves room for error , says Alemanno . <p> The weakness of official counter-disinformation efforts was highlighted by EU vs Disinfo , the EU 's in-house online anti-disinformation effort . In March 2018 , the site retracted articles from Dutch media after falsely labelling it disinformation , sparking criticism in the Netherlands . <p> One article was mistranslated by non-Dutch speakers at a Ukrainian NGO , while another was satire mistakenly taken at face value . <p> Alemanno , who complained about the anti-fake news initiative to the EU 's internal watchdog , says : "" It was concerning that those individuals or organisations who might have been blacklisted had no chance to ask for a review , despite the risk of major reputational damage . The situation has n't really improved . "" <p> Lithuania has an increasing number of legal tools to combat alleged sources of disinformation . <p> The country 's Radio and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ - such as the Kremlin-backed Planeta RTR and Sputnik - for using fake information to falsely depict historical events or inciting hatred . <p> Authorities can also order electronic communications providers such as servers to shut down for 48 hours without a court order if they are used to launch a ' cyber incident ' , including a disinformation attack . <p> Academics and journalists said these measures will not truly address the problem of Russian propaganda . "" Any attempt at limiting the outreach can be defied by subtler forms of communication online , "" says Alemanno . <p> While many states have emphasised technical solutions , teaching media literacy - the ability to tell the difference between credible and false information - is more effective , says Hanley . <p> Finland has had notable success in this regard . <p> In 2014 , the government devised a public school curriculum that gives young children lessons in critical thinking , fact checking , and interpreting information . The Nordic nation tops the list of 35 European countries deemed the most resilient to disinformation , according to the 2019 Media @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ highlight the importance of media literacy in Lithuania - which comes in 19th place on the index - the concept is not widespread . Andriukaitis of the Atlantic Council recognises the need for more media literacy education . This week he will teach workshops about verifying sources of information to school children . <p> "" Disinformation can never be fully stopped unless all pieces of information are filtered , which is quite impossible , nor should that happen , in most opinions . The idea of having some sort of overarching truth authority defeats the purpose of a free society , "" says Hanley . "" Societal resilience is key . """
"<p> MONTREAL , QUEBEC -- ( Marketwired ) -- 12/01/16 -- The Quebec Chapter of FEI Canada , an all-industry professional association for senior financial executives , is delighted to announce the launch of the Aces of Finance competition , now in its seventh year . This prestigious competition aims to recognize the professional achievements and community involvement of outstanding Quebec financial executives . Members and non-members of the association are invited to participate and submit their nomination forms in one of the following three categories : Financial executive of a large corporation , Financial executive of a small or medium-sized enterprise and Emerging financial executive . The Aces of Finance competition highlights the exceptional professional achievements of financial executives , shining a spotlight on the key role they play in organizations while inspiring others in their profession . <p> Dates to remember <p> Candidates have until February 9 , 2017 to submit their nomination form . The finalists will be announced on April 4 , 2017 , and the winners will be revealed at a gala event to be held on May 10 , 2017 in Montreal . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ comprising five high-profile professionals who have distinguished themselves throughout their careers and possess many years of experience in the financial and business community . <p> The honorary chairperson of this year 's competition will be Ms. Monique F. Leroux , President of the International Co-operative Alliance , Chair of the Board of Investissement Quebec and Chair of the Quebec Government 's Economic and Innovation Council . She served as Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Mouvement Desjardins , the leading cooperative financial group in Canada , from March 2008 to April 2016 . Ms. Leroux has received a number of honours , including being named a member of the Order of Canada , an Officer of the Ordre national du Quebec and a Chevalier of the Legion d'Honneur ( France ) . She is also a recipient of the Woodrow Wilson Award ( United States ) , the Outstanding Achievement Award from the Quebec CPA Order and the Institute of Corporate Directors Fellowship Award . <p> "" In addition to offering insight into the career paths and achievements of our financial executives , the Aces of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ promoting the profession , "" said Mr. Louis Marcotte , Chair of the Quebec Chapter of FEI Canada . "" By participating , financial executive professionals are also making an important gesture of recognition to their own teams and organizations , "" said Mr. Marcotte . <p> 2017 Homage Award <p> The Quebec Chapter of FEI Canada will also be presenting its Aces of Finance Homage Award to a financial executive who has demonstrated excellence throughout his or her career . The 2017 recipient of this prestigious award is Mr. Patrick Pichette , Advisor at Google . A globetrotter and environmentalist , Mr. Pichette recently retired from Google , where he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Executive Officer from 2008 to 2015 . He remains an advisor to senior management at Google and sits on the boards of Bombardier and the Pierre Elliot Trudeau Foundation , as well as serving start-ups such as Zoona , OKHi and Boosted Boards in an advisory capacity . <p> With much admiration , the Quebec Chapter of FEI Canada is pleased to pay tribute to Mr. Pichette through the Aces of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ at the Financial Executive Forum held on November 30 , before more than 150 members and guests . Mr. Pichette will be officially honoured at the gala evening on May 10 , 2017 . <p> The winner of the Homage Award is named by the Board of Directors of the Quebec Chapter of FEI Canada and the members of the competition 's organizing committee , which is made up of : <p> The Quebec Chapter currently has nearly 200 members . The association membership , which includes Chief Financial Officers , Audit Committee Directors and senior executives in the Finance , Controller , Treasury and Taxation functions , represents a significant number of Canada 's leading and most influential corporations . Further information can be found at www.feicanada.org/quebec . <p> Without lifecycle traceability and visibility across the tool chain , stakeholders from Planning-to-Ops have limited insight and answers to who , what , when , why and how across the DevOps lifecycle . This impacts the ability to deliver high quality software at the needed velocity to drive positive business outcomes . In his general session at @DevOpsSummit at @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , discussed how customers are able to achieve a level of transparency that e ... <p> WebRTC is the future of browser-to-browser communications , and continues to make inroads into the traditional , difficult , plug-in web communications world . The 6th WebRTC Summit continues our tradition of delivering the latest and greatest presentations within the world of WebRTC . Topics include voice calling , video chat , P2P file sharing , and use cases that have already leveraged the power and convenience of WebRTC . <p> Between 2005 and 2020 , data volumes will grow by a factor of 300 -- enough data to stack CDs from the earth to the moon 162 times . This has come to be known as the ' big data ' phenomenon . Unfortunately , traditional approaches to handling , storing and analyzing data are n't adequate at this scale : they 're too costly , slow and physically cumbersome to keep up . Fortunately , in response a new breed of technology has emerged that is cheaper , faster and more scalable . Yet , in meeting these new needs they @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ deployments , they start to realize that they may have been shortsighted in the ways they built out their deployment and the key thing I see a lot of people looking at is - how can I take equipment data , pull it back in an IoT solution and show it in a dashboard , "" stated Dave McCarthy , Director of Products at Bsquare Corporation , in this SYS-CON.tv interview at @ThingsExpo , held November 1-3 , 2016 , at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara , CA . <p> @DevOpsSummit taking place June 6-8 , 2017 at Javits Center , New York City , is co-located with the 20th International Cloud Expo and will feature technical sessions from a rock star conference faculty and the leading industry players in the world . @DevOpsSummit at Cloud Expo New York Call for Papers is now open . <p> 20th Cloud Expo , taking place June 6-8 , 2017 , at the Javits Center in New York City , NY , will feature technical sessions from a rock star conference faculty and the leading industry players in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of enterprises of all sizes . Yesterday 's debate about public vs. private has transformed into the reality of hybrid cloud : a recent survey shows that 74% of enterprises have a hybrid cloud strategy . <p> In his session at 19th Cloud Expo , Claude Remillard , Principal Program Manager in Developer Division at Microsoft , contrasted how his team used config as code and immutable patterns for continuous delivery of microservices and apps to the cloud . He showed how the immutable patterns helps developers do away with most of the complexity of config as code-enabling scenarios such as rollback , zero downtime upgrades with far greater simplicity . He also demoed building immutable pipelines in the cloud ... <p> "" Qosmos has launched L7Viewer , a network traffic analysis tool , so it analyzes all the traffic between the virtual machine and the data center and the virtual machine and the external world , "" stated Sebastien Synold , Product Line Manager at Qosmos , in this SYS-CON.tv interview at 19th Cloud Expo , held November 1-3 , 2016 , at the Santa Clara Convention Center @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have significant legacy voice infrastructure that 's costly to replace with pure IP solutions . How can we bring this analog infrastructure into our shiny new cloud applications ? There are proven methods to bind both legacy voice applications and traditional PSTN audio into cloud-based applications and services at a carrier scale . Some of the most successful implementations leverage WebRTC , WebSockets , SIP and other open source technologies . In his session at @ThingsExpo , Da ... <p> "" We are the public cloud providers . We are currently providing 50% of the resources they need for doing e-commerce business in China and we are hosting about 60% of mobile gaming in China , "" explained Yi Zheng , CPO and VP of Engineering at CDS Global Cloud , in this SYS-CON.tv interview at 19th Cloud Expo , held November 1-3 , 2016 , at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara , CA . <p> "" IoT is going to be a huge industry with a lot of value for end users , for industries , for consumers , for manufacturers . How can we @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Khan , Innovation &amp; Marketing Manager at Solgeniakhela , in this SYS-CON.tv interview at @ThingsExpo , held November 3-5 , 2015 , at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara , CA . <p> @DevOpsSummit at Cloud taking place June 6-8 , 2017 , at Javits Center , New York City , is co-located with the 20th International Cloud Expo and will feature technical sessions from a rock star conference faculty and the leading industry players in the world . The widespread success of cloud computing is driving the DevOps revolution in enterprise IT . Now as never before , development teams must communicate and collaborate in a dynamic , 24/7/365 environment . There is no time to wait for long develop ... <p> As data explodes in quantity , importance and from new sources , the need for managing and protecting data residing across physical , virtual , and cloud environments grow with it . Managing data includes protecting it , indexing and classifying it for true , long-term management , compliance and E-Discovery . Commvault can ensure this with a single pane of glass solution -- @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ cloud or a hybrid cloud environment -- across the heterogeneous enter ... <p> The cloud competition for database hosts is fierce . How do you evaluate a cloud provider for your database platform ? In his session at 18th Cloud Expo , Chris Presley , a Solutions Architect at Pythian , gave users a checklist of considerations when choosing a provider . Chris Presley is a Solutions Architect at Pythian . He loves order -- making him a premier Microsoft SQL Server expert . Not only has he programmed and administered SQL Server , but he has also shared his expertise and passion with b ... <p> CloudJumper , a Workspace as a Service ( WaaS ) platform innovator for agile business IT , has been recognized with the Customer Value Leadership Award for its nWorkSpace platform by Frost &amp; Sullivan . The company was also featured in a new report(1) by the industry research firm titled , "" Desktop-as-a-Service Buyer 's Guide , 2016 , "" which provides a comprehensive comparison of DaaS providers , including CloudJumper , Amazon , VMware , and Microsoft . <p> Between 2005 @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 300 -- enough data to stack CDs from the earth to the moon 162 times . This has come to be known as the ' big data ' phenomenon . Unfortunately , traditional approaches to handling , storing and analyzing data are n't adequate at this scale : they 're too costly , slow and physically cumbersome to keep up . Fortunately , in response a new breed of te ... <p> @DevOpsSummit taking place June 6-8 , 2017 at Javits Center , New York City , is co-located with the 20th International Cloud Expo and will feature technical sessions from a rock star conference faculty and the leading industry players in the world . @DevOpsSummit at Cloud Expo New York Call for Papers is now open . <p> Hewlett Packard Enterprise advanced across several fronts at HPE Discover 2016 in London , making inroads into hybrid IT , Internet of Things , and on to the latest advances in memory-based computer architecture . A leaner , more streamlined Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) advanced across several fronts at HPE Discover 2016 in London , making inroads into @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ on t ... <p> For large enterprise organizations , it can be next-to-impossible to identify attacks and act to mitigate them in good time . That 's one of the reasons executives often discover security breaches when an external researcher -- or worse , a journalist -- gets in touch to ask why hundreds of millions of logins for their company 's services are freely available on hacker forums . The huge volume of incomin ... <p> @DevOpsSummit at Cloud taking place June 6-8 , 2017 , at Javits Center , New York City , is co-located with the 20th International Cloud Expo and will feature technical sessions from a rock star conference faculty and the leading industry players in the world . The widespread success of cloud computing is driving the DevOps revolution in enterprise IT . Now as never before , development teams must commu ... <p> If you have n't heard yet , CollabNet just put out some very big news for managing and gaining value from DevOps . We introduced CollabNet DevOps Lifecycle Manager ( DLM ) -- a platform designed exclusively for providing a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ your DevOps toolchain and processes from planning to operations and that can be traced back to planning and development ... <p> Almost a year ago , I wrote these words , "" Technology has reached the tipping point for me , it moved from a help to a hindrance . "" The plethora of adrenaline- and endorphin-inducing mobile apps , 24x7 news , notifications , alerts and updates , drip fed my brain and hindered my "" deep work and deep thoughts . "" In Cal Newport 's new book titled , Deep Work he posits that most knowledge workers need concentrat ... <p> The 2017 procurement landscape has its own impressive retinue of decision bots , automated processes , and data-driven insights . The next BriefingsDirect technology innovation thought leadership discussion explores how rapid advances in artificial intelligence ( AI ) and machine learning are poised to reshape procurement -- like a fast-forwarding to a once-fanciful vision of the future . <p> There are many companies offering network monitoring solutions to small , medium and big companies . The question is : is installing a monitoring software in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ some key points , which are directly affected by network monitoring software . <p> Information technology is an industry that has always experienced change , and the dramatic change sweeping across the industry today could not be truthfully described as the first time we 've seen such widespread change impacting customer investments . However , the rate of the change , and the potential outcomes from today 's digital transformation has the distinct potential to separate the industry i ... <p> There 's a funny thing about digital transformation : we are simultaneously over-hyping it and understating it . On the one hand , every tech company in the world is talking about it . It does n't matter how mundane the technology ; every company is somehow relating their products to digital transformation . On the other , many people are failing to grasp the import and impact of what digital transforma ... <p> Cyberattacks are relentless . The pace of attacks shows no sign of slowing , and organizations understand that 100 percent prevention of attacks is not possible . Traditional prevention and detection techniques are falling @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ can more effectively detect attacks and mitigate the growing levels of damage . In this climate of confusion ... <p> The developments in Google 's Cloud Computing segment , especially the Cloud Machine Learning service , have been so rapid that Google calls it one of its fastest growing product areas . Google has been ramping up their Cloud Platform quite aggressively in recent months . Just a few weeks ago , the Google Cloud Platform opened its newest zone in Tokyo , increasing the total number of regions they are pre ... <p> Almost three years ago , VMware introduced the world to its virtual SAN . This new solution enabled customers to use storage within ESXi servers without the need for external storage -- an exciting promise for organizations that wanted to quickly scale their virtual storage . Now , it 's time to check in on this technology and see if it 's living up to its promise . VMware became a player in the storage ... <p> Monitoring of Docker environments is challenging . Why ? Because each container typically runs a single process , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ various methods of managing storage . Traditional monitoring solutions take metrics from each server and applications they run . These servers and applications running on them are typically very static , with very long uptimes . Docke ... <p> It is not often that movies and television shows give viewers the opportunity to explore the world of hacking and digital security in a realistic manner . After two seasons , "" Mr. Robot "" has attracted its share of IT professionals as well as average citizens . The show has offered numerous depictions that are of particular interest to those who make their living by protecting their organizations . Th ... <p> We 've come across a lot of talk about "" cloud-native "" apps lately . ( They even have their own foundation ! ) Developers build these apps specifically to run on a cloud-based infrastructure , with the kind of user interface we all expect from our apps now . Cloud-native applications are scalable , usable and flexible , usually packaged using containers . It 's a step further in the cloud computing journey ... <p> I @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ toil in the trenches of the enterprise data center . At our Agility conference back in August , my cohort and I gave a presentation on the State of Application Delivery . One of the interesting tidbits of data we offered was that , over the course of the past year , our iHealth data shows a steady and nearly even split of HTTP and HTTPS traffic . ... <p> Pokeman Go has been a raging success . But its launch was marred by frequent downtimes and dropped connections . In a recent chat at the Google Cloud Platform Next Conference , Niantic CTO Phil Keslin talked about the "" hair on fire "" experience where the team had to firefight and upgrade key components on the live production system in order to handle the unexpected surge in new users joining in . Among ... <p> The cloud promises new levels of agility and cost-savings for Big Data , data warehousing and analytics . But it 's challenging to understand all the options -- from IaaS and PaaS to newer services like HaaS ( Hadoop as a Service ) @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ her session at @BigDataExpo at @ThingsExpo , Hannah Smalltree , a director at Cazena , provided an educational overview of emerging "" as-a-s ... <p> Cloud computing budgets worldwide are reaching into the hundreds of billions of dollars , and no organization can survive long without some sort of cloud migration strategy . Each month brings new announcements , use cases , and success stories ."
"<p> Unity Software Inc. is set to list on the New York Stock Exchange this month , following its S-1 filing two weeks ago . The 16-year-old tech company is universally known within the gaming industry and largely unknown outside of it . But Unity has been expanding beyond gaming , pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into a massive bet to be an underlying platform for humanity 's future in a world where interactive 3D media stretches from our entertainment experiences and consumer applications to office and manufacturing workflows . <p> Much of the press about Unity 's S-1 filing mischaracterizes the business . Unity is easily misunderstood because most people who are n't ( game ) developers do n't know what a game engine actually does , because Unity has numerous revenue streams , and because Unity and the competitor it is most compared to -- Epic Games -- only partially overlap in their businesses . <p> Last year , I wrote an in-depth guide to Unity 's founding and rise in popularity , interviewing more than 20 top executives in San Francisco and Copenhagen , plus many @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to get up to speed on the company , I 'll explain Unity 's business , where it is positioned in the market , what its R&amp;D is focused on and how game engines are eating the world as they gain adoption across other industries . <p> In part two , I 'll analyze Unity 's financials , explain how the company has positioned itself in the S-1 to earn a higher valuation and outline both the bear and bull cases for its future . <p> For those in the gaming industry who are familiar with Unity , the S-1 might surprise you in a few regards . The Asset Store is a much smaller business that you might think , Unity is more of an enterprise software company than a self-service platform for indie devs and advertising solutions appear to make up the largest segment of Unity 's revenue . <h> What is a game engine ? <p> Unity 's origin is as a game engine , software that is similar to Adobe Photoshop , but used instead for editing games and creating interactive 3D content . Users import @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ add logic to guide each asset 's behavior , character interactions , physics , lighting and countless other factors that create fully interactive games . Creators then export the final product to one or more of the 20 platforms Unity supports , such as Apple iOS and Google Android , Xbox and Playstation , Oculus Quest and Microsoft HoloLens , etc . <p> In this regard , Unity is more comparable to Adobe and Autodesk than to game studios or publishers like Electronic Arts and Zynga . <h> What are Unity 's lines of business ? <p> Since John Riccitiello took over as CEO from co-founder David Helgason in 2014 , Unity has expanded beyond its game engine and has organized activities into two divisions : Create Solutions ( i.e. , tools for content creation ) and Operate Solutions ( i.e. , tools for managing and monetizing content ) . There are seven noteworthy revenue streams overall : <h> Create Solutions ( 29% of H1 2020 revenue ) <p> The Unity platform : The core game engine , which operates on a freemium subscription model . Individuals , small teams @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ game studios and enterprises in other industries pay ( via the Unity Plus , Unity Pro and Unity Enterprise premium tiers ) . <p> Engine extensions : A growing portfolio of tools and extensions of the core engine purpose-built for specific industries and use cases . These include MARS for VR development , Reflect for architecture and construction use with BIM assets , Pixyz for importing CAD data , Cinemachine for virtual production of films and ArtEngine for automated art creation . <p> Professional services : Hands-on , specialized consulting for enterprise customers using Unity 's engine and other products . Unity expanded its consulting capacity further in April with a $55 million acquisition of Finger Food Studios , a 200-person team in Vancouver that builds interactive media projects for corporate clients using Unity . <p> Aside from these three product categories , Unity is reporting another group of content creation offerings separately in the S-1 as "" Strategic Partnerships &amp; Other "" ( which accounts for further 9% of revenue ) : <p> Strategic Partnerships : Major tech companies pay Unity via a mix of structures ( flat-fee , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ integrations with their software and/or hardware . Since Unity is the most popular platform to build games with , ensuring Unity integrates well with Oculus or with the Play Store is very important to Facebook and Google , respectively , for example . <p> Unity Asset Store : Unity 's marketplace for artists and developers to buy and sell digital assets like a spooky forest or the physics to guide characters ' joint movements for use in their content so they do n't each have to design and code1 every single thing from scratch . It is commonly used , though larger game studios often use Asset Store assets just for initial prototyping of game ideas . <h> Operate Solutions ( 62% of H1 2020 revenue ) <p> Advertising : Via the 2014 acquisition of Applifier , Unity launched an in-game advertising network for mobile games . This expanded substantially with the Unified Auction , a simultaneous auction that helps games get the highest bid from among potential advertisers . Unity is now one of the world 's largest mobile ad networks , serving 23 billion ads per month . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ assessments of whether it is optimal to serve an ad , prompt an in-app purchase or do nothing to maximize each player 's lifetime value . While the Unity IAP feature enables developers to manage in-app purchases ( IAP ) , Unity does not take a cut of IAP revenue at this time . <p> Live Services : A portfolio of cloud-based solutions for game developers to better manage and optimize their user acquisition , player matchmaking , server hosting and identification of bugs . This portfolio has primarily been assembled through acquisitions like Multiplay ( cloud game server hosting and matchmaking ) , Vivox ( cloud-hosted system for voice and text chat between players in games ) , and deltaDNA ( player segmentation for campaigns to improve engagement , monetization and retention ) . There is also Unity Simulate for training AI models in virtual recreations of the real world ( or testing games for bugs ) . Live Services products have usage-based pricing , with an initial amount of usage free . <h> Unity versus Unreal , versus others <p> Unity is compared most frequently to Epic Games @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Unreal . Below is a quick overview of the products and services that differentiate each company . The cost of switching game engines is meaningful in that developers are typically specialized in one or the other and can take months to gain high proficiency in another , but some teams do vary the engine they use for different projects . Moving an existing game ( or other project ) over to a new game engine is a major undertaking that requires extensive rebuilding . <h> Epic Games <p> Epic has three main businesses : game development , the Epic Games Store , and the Unreal Engine . Epic 's core is in developing its own games and the vast majority of Epic 's $4.2 billion in 2019 revenue came from that ( principally , from Fortnite ) . The Epic Games Store is a consumer-facing marketplace for gamers to purchase and download games ; game developers pay Epic a 12.5% cut of their sales . <p> In those two areas of business , Unity and Epic do n't compete . While much of the press about Unity 's IPO frames @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Unity , it is largely irrelevant . A court order prevented Apple from blocking iOS apps made with Unreal in retaliation for Epic trying to skirt Apple 's 30% cut of in-app purchases in Fortnite . Unity does n't have any of its own apps in the App Store and does n't have a consumer-facing store for games . It 's already the default choice of game engine for anyone building a game for iOS or Android , and it 's not feasible to switch the engine of an existing game , so Epic 's conflict does not create much of a new market opening . <p> Let 's compare the Unity and Unreal engines : <p> Origins : Unreal was Epic 's proprietary engine for the 1998 game Unreal and was licensed to other PC and console studios and became its own business as a result of its popularity . Unity launched as an engine for indie developers building Mac games , an underserved niche , and expanded to other emerging market segments considered irrelevant by the core gaming industry : small indie studios , mobile developers , AR @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the main engine for mobile games . <p> Programming Language : Based in the C++ programming language , Unreal requires more extensive programming than Unity ( which requires programming in C# ) but enables more customization , which in turn enables higher performance . <p> Core Markets : Unreal is much more popular among PC and console game developers ; it is oriented toward bigger , high-performance projects by professionals . That said , it is establishing itself firmly in AR and VR and proved with Fortnite it can take a console and PC game cross-platform to mobile . Unity dominates in mobile games -- now the largest ( and fastest growing ) segment of the gaming industry -- where it has over 50% market share and where Unreal is not a common alternative . Unity has kept the largest market share in AR and VR content , at over 60% . <p> Ease of Authoring : Neither engine is easy for a complete novice , but both are fairly straightforward to navigate if you have basic coding abilities and put the time into experimenting and watching tutorials . Unity @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with a mission of democratizing game development that was so concentrated among large studios with large budgets , and ease of authoring remains a key R&amp;D focus . This is why Unity is the common choice in educational environments and by individuals and small teams creating casual mobile games . Unity lets you see but not edit the engine 's source code unless you pay for an enterprise subscription ; this protects developers from catastrophic mistakes but limits customization . Unreal is n't dramatically more complex but , as a generalization , it requires more lines of code and technical skill . It is open source code so can be completely customized . Unreal has a visual scripting tool called Blueprint to conduct some development without needing to code ; it 's respected and often used by designers though not a no-code solution to developing a complex , high-performance game ( no one offers that ) . Unity recently rolled out its own visual scripting solution for free called Bolt . <p> Pricing : While Unity 's engine operates on a freemium subscription model ( then has a portfolio of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , taking 5% of a game 's revenue . Both have separately negotiated pricing for companies outside of gaming that are n't publicly disclosed . <h> Proprietary engines <p> Many large gaming companies , especially in the PC and console categories , continue to use their own proprietary game engines built in-house . It is a large , ongoing investment to maintain a proprietary engine , which is why a growing number of these companies are switching to Unreal or Unity so they can focus more resources on content creation and tap into the large talent pools that already have mastery in each one . <h> Other Engines <p> Other game engines to note are Cocos2D ( an open source framework by Chukong Technologies that has a particular following among mobile developers in China , Japan , and South Korea ) , CryEngine by Crytek ( popular for first-person shooters with high visual fidelity ) , and Amazon 's Lumberyard ( which was built off CryEngine and does n't seem to have widespread adoption , or command much respect , among the many developers and executives I 've spoken to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , YoYo Games ' GameMaker Studio and Scirra 's Construct are both commonly used to build simple 2D games ( Construct is used for HTML5 games in particular ) ; users typically move on to Unity or Unreal as they gain more skill . <p> There remain a long list of niche game engines in the market since every studio needs to use one and those who build their own often license it if their games are n't commercial successes or they see an underserved niche among studios creating similar games . That said , it 's become very tough to compete with the robust offerings of the industry standards -- Unity and Unreal -- and tough to recruit developers to work with a niche engine . <h> UGC Platforms <p> User-generated content platforms for creating and playing games like Roblox ( or new entrants like Manticore 's Core and Facebook Horizon ) do n't compete with Unity -- at least for the foreseeable future -- because they are dramatically simplified platforms for creating games within a closed ecosystem with dramatically more limited monetization opportunity . The only game developers @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's free tier . <p> I 've written extensively on how UGC-based game platforms are central to the next paradigm of social media , anchored within gaming-centric virtual worlds . But based on the overall gaming market growth and the diversity of game types , these platforms can continue to soar in popularity without being a competitive threat to the traditional studios who pay Unity for its engine , ad network , or cloud products . <h> What 's at the forefront of Unity 's technical innovation ? <h> DOTS <p> For the last three years , Unity has been creating its "" data oriented technology stack , "" or DOTS , and gradually rolling it out in modules across the engine . <p> Unity 's engine centers on programming in C# code which is easier to learn and more time-saving than C++ since it is a slightly higher level programming language . Simplification comes with the trade off of less ability to customize instruction by directly interacting with memory . C++ , which is the standard for Unreal , enables that level of customization to achieve better performance but @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ skill . <p> DOTS is an effort to not just resolve that discrepancy but achieve dramatically faster performance . Many of the most popular programming languages in use today are "" object-oriented , "" a paradigm that groups characteristics of an object together so , for example , an object of the type "" human "" has weight and height attached . This is easier for the way humans think and solve problems . Unity takes advantage of the ability to add annotations to C# code and claims a proprietary breakthrough in understanding how to recompile object-oriented code into "" data-oriented "" code , which is optimized for how computers work ( in this example , say all heights together and all weights together ) . This is orders of magnitude faster in processing the request at the lowest level languages that provide 1s-and-0s instructions to the processor . <p> This level of efficiency should , on one hand , allow highly-complex games and simulations with cutting-edge graphics to run quickly on GPU-enabled devices , while , on the other hand , allowing simpler games to be so small in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ lowest quality smartphones and even on the screens of smart fridges . <p> Unity is bringing DOTS to different components of its engine one step at a time and users can opt whether or not to use DOTS for each component of their project . The company 's Megacity demo ( below ) shows DOTS enabling a sci-fi city with hundreds of thousands of assets rendered in real-time , from the blades spinning on the air conditioners in every apartment building to flying car traffic responding to the player 's movements . <h> Graphics <p> The forefront of graphics technology is in enabling ray tracing ( a lighting effect mimicking the real-life behavior of light reflecting off different surfaces ) at a fast enough rendering speed so games and other interactive content can be photorealistic ( i.e. you ca n't tell it 's not the real world ) . It 's already possible to achieve this in certain contexts but takes substantial processing power to render . Its initial use is for content that is not rendered in real-time , like films . Here are videos by both Unity and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of a BMW look nearly identical to video of a real car : <p> To support ray-tracing and other cutting-edge graphics , Unity released its High Definition Render Pipeline in 2018 . It gives developers more powerful graphics rendering for GPU devices to achieve high visual fidelity in console and PC games plus non-gaming uses like industrial simulations . ( By comparison , its Universal Render Pipeline optimizes content for lower-end hardware like mobile phones . ) <h> Next-gen authoring <p> Unity 's Research Labs team is focused on the next generation of authoring tools , particularly in an era of AR or VR headsets being widely adopted . One component of this is the vision for a future where nontechnical people could develop 3D content with Unity solely through hand gestures and voice commands . In 2016 , Unity released an early concept video for this project ( something I demo-ed at Unity headquarters in SF last year ) : <h> Game engines are eating the world <p> The term "" game engine "" limits the scope of what Unity and Unreal are already used for . They are @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ content you can imagine . The core engine is used for virtual production of films to autonomous vehicle training simulations to car configurators on auto websites to interactive renderings of buildings . <p> Both of these engines have long been used outside gaming by people repurposing them and over the last five years Unity and Unreal have made expanding use of their engines in other industries a top priority . They are primarily focused on large- and mid-size companies in 1 ) architecture , engineering , and construction , 2 ) automotive and heavy manufacturing , and 3 ) cinematic video . <p> In films and TV commercials , game engines are used for virtual production . The settings , whether animated or scanned from real-world environments , are set up as virtual environments ( like those of a video game ) where virtual characters interact and the camera view can be changed instantaneously . Human actors are captured through sets that are surrounded by the virtual environment on screens . The director and VFX team can change the surroundings , the time of day , etc. in real-time to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ scope of commercial uses for Unity since assets can be imported from CAD , BIM , and other formats and since Unity gives you the ability to build a whole world and simulate changes in real-time . There are four main use cases for Unity 's engine beyond entertainment experiences : <p> Design &amp; Planning : have teams work on interactive 3D models of their product simultaneously ( in VR , AR , or on screens ) from offices around the world and attach metadata to every component about its materials , pricing , etc . The Hong Kong International airport used Unity to create a digital twin of the terminals connected to Internet of Things ( IoT ) data , informing them of passenger flow , maintenance issues , and more in real-time . <p> Simulation : generate training data for machine learning algorithms using virtual recreations of real-world environments ( like for autonomous vehicles in San Francisco ) and running thousands of instances in each batch . Unity Simulation customers include Google 's DeepMind and Unity teamed up with LG to create a simulation module specific to autonomous @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ every facet of life . In his 2015 internal memo in favor of acquiring Unity , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote "" VR / AR will be the next major computing platform after mobile . "" Unity is currently in a powerful position as the key platform for developing VR / AR content and distributing it across different operating systems and devices . Zuckerberg saw Unity as the natural platform off which to build "" key platform services "" in the mixed reality ecosystem like an "" avatar / content marketplace and app distribution store "" . <p> If Unity maintains its position as the leading platform for building all types of mixed reality applications into the era when mixed reality is our main digital medium , it stands to be one of the most important technology companies in the world . It would be the engine everyone across industries turns to for creating applications , with dramatically larger TAM and monetization potential for the core engine than is currently the case . It could expand up the stack , per Zuckerberg 's argument , into consumer-facing functions that exist @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ payments . Its advertising product is already in position to extend into augmented reality ads within apps built with Unity . This could make it the largest ad network in the AR era . <p> This grand vision is still far away though . First , the company 's expansion beyond gaming is still early in gaining traction and customers generally need a lot of consulting support . You 'll notice other coverage of Unity over the last few years all tends to mention the same case studies of use outside gaming ; there just are n't that many than have been rolled out by large companies . Unity is still in the stage of gaining name recognition and educating these markets about what its engine can do . There are promising proof points of its value but market penetration is small . <p> Second , the era of AR as "" the next major computing platform after mobile "" seems easily a decade away , during which time existing and yet-to-be-founded tech giants will also advance their positions in different parts of the AR tech , authoring , and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Microsoft are collaborators with Unity right now but any of them could decide to compete with their own AR-focused engine ( and if any of them acquire Unity , the others will almost certainly do so because of the loss of Unity 's neutral position between them ) ."
"<h> If you have Chromium versions of Nano Adblocker or Nano Defender , pay attention . <h> Share this story <p> Adblocking extensions with more than 300,000 active users have been surreptitiously uploading user browsing data and tampering with users ' social media accounts thanks to malware its new owner introduced a few weeks ago , according to technical analyses and posts on Github . <p> Hugo Xu , developer of the Nano Adblocker and Nano Defender extensions , said 17 days ago that he no longer had the time to maintain the project and had sold the rights to the versions available in Google 's Chrome Web Store . Xu told me that Nano Adblocker and Nano Defender , which often are installed together , have about 300,000 installations total . <p> Four days ago , Raymond Hill , maker of the uBlock Origin extension upon which Nano Adblocker is based , revealed that the new developers had rolled out updates that added malicious code . <p> The first thing Hill noticed the new extension doing was checking if the user had opened the developer console . If it @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ report "" to a server at https : //def.dev-nano.com/ . "" In simple words , the extension remotely checks whether you are using the extension dev tools -- which is what you would do if you wanted to find out what the extension is doing , "" he wrote . <p> The most obvious change end users noticed was that infected browsers were automatically issuing likes for large numbers of Instagram posts , with no input from users . Cyril Gorlla , an artificial intelligence and machine learning researcher at the University of California in San Diego , told me that his browser liked more than 200 images from an Instagram account that did n't follow anyone . The screenshot to the right shows some of the photos involved . <p> Nano Adblocker and Nano Defender are n't the only extensions that have been reported to tamper with Instagram accounts . User Agent Switcher , an extension that had more than 100,000 active users until Google removed it earlier this month is reported to have done the same thing . <p> Many Nano extension users in this forum reported that @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ n't already open in their browsers . This has led to speculation that the updated extensions are accessing authentication cookies and using them to gain access to the user accounts . Hill said he reviewed some of the added code and found that it was uploading data . <p> "" Since the added code was able to collect request headers in real-time ( through websocket connection I guess ) , this means sensitive information such as session cookies could be leaked , "" he wrote in a message . "" I am not a malware expert so I ca n't come up with *all* that is possible when having real-time access to request headers , but I do get that it 's really bad . "" <p> Other users reported that sites other than Instagram were also being accessed and tampered with , in some cases , even when the user had n't accessed the site , but these claims could n't immediately be verified . <p> Alexei , an Electronic Frontier Foundation senior staff technologist who works on the Privacy Badger extension , has been following the discussions and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is that the Nano extensions were updated to surreptitiously upload your browsing data in a remotely configurable way . Remotely configurable means that there was no need to update the extensions to modify the list of websites whose data would be stolen . In fact , the list of websites is unknown at this time as it was remotely configured . There are many reports of users ' Instagram accounts being affected , however . <p> Evidence collected to date shows that the extensions are covertly uploading user data and gaining unauthorized access to at least one website , in violation of Google terms of service and quite possibly applicable laws . Google has already removed the extensions from the Chrome Web Store and issued a warning that they are n't safe . Anyone who had either of these extensions installed should remove them from their machines immediately . <p> Nano Adblocker and Nano Defender are available in the extension stores hosted by both Firefox and Microsoft Edge . Xu and others say that neither of the extensions available in these other locations are affected . The caveat is that @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Any Edge users who used this source are infected and should remove the extensions . <p> The possibility that the extensions may have uploaded session cookies means that anyone who was infected should at a minimum fully log out of all sites . In most cases this should invalidate the session cookies and prevent anyone from using them to gain unauthorized access . Truly paranoid users will want to change passwords just to be on the safe side . <p> The incident is the latest example of someone acquiring an established browser extension or Android app and using it to infect the large user base that already has it installed . It 's hard to provide actionable advice for preventing this kind of abuse . The Nano extensions were n't some fly-by-night operation . Users had every reason to believe they were safe until , of course , that was no longer the case . The best advice is to routinely review the extensions that are installed . Any that are no longer of use should be removed . <h> Promoted Comments <p> I was affected by this because I @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ completely unexpected that this open source extension would suddenly change hands , with no warning aside from some information on GitHub that I did n't read until it was too late . There is nothing I could have done ... and now I have an Instagram account filled with likes that are n't mine . I 'm glad that 's all , I guess - they could have done much worse ."
"<h> Billionaire CEO of SoftBank : Robots will have an IQ of 10,000 in 30 years <p> Billionaire Masayoshi Son , chairman and chief executive officer of SoftBank Corp. , shakes hands with a human-like robot called Pepper , developed by the company 's Aldebran Robotics unit , during a news conference in Urayasu , Chiba Prefecture , Japan . <p> SHARES <p> Super artificial intelligence is coming , and sooner than you might expect . <p> That 's according to SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son . The Japanese billionaire spoke from the Future Investment Initiative in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia on Wednesday . In about 30 years , artificial intelligence will have an IQ of 10,000 , Son says . By comparison , the average human IQ is 100 and genius is 200 , according to Son . Mensa , "" the High IQ society , "" starts accepting members with an IQ score of 130 . <p> The idea of machine learning becoming smarter than the human brain is often referred to as the "" singularity . "" When exactly this will happen is oft-debated among the tech community @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ brain will be surpassed , this is the tipping point , crossing point , that artificial intelligence , computer intelligence surpass mankind 's brain and that is happening in this century for sure . I would say there is no more debate , no more doubt , "" Son says . <p> Son is particularly aggressive in his prediction of how soon the singularity will happen -- in the "" next 30 years or so , "" he says . <p> It is in Son 's best interest to believe in the power of artificial intelligence . Not only is he the leader of a tech company , but he is heavily invested in the future of AI . Son is in charge of a $100 billion Vision Fund , which he expects to invest within five years , all in companies that have at least some relationship to AI . <p> The tech executive believes that artificial intelligence will dramatically change every industry . Son , 60 , remembers the first time he encountered the smartphone , a tool which has transformed the world we currently live in . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ he announced the iPhone , he told me , ' Masa , Masa , if you see what I 'm developing , when I 'm finished , I 'm going to show you , you 're going to piss off your pants . ' And when I saw it , I actually almost did . "" <p> Today , humanoid robots like SoftBank 's Pepper , which can perceive human emotions , according to its website , impress most of us . In the future Son envisions , we will laugh at the capabilities of Pepper . <p> "" Thirty years from now , they are going to learn by themselves , they are maybe going to laugh at you and us , "" Son says . "" Today they look cute , they will stay cute , but they will be super smart . "" <p> Currently , some robots are smarter than humans in some areas , says Son . "" But 30 years from now , most of the subjects , they will be so much smarter than us . Because they are going to be a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ says Son . <p> "" We mankind created tools , the premise was mankind were always smarter than the tool we invented so we control , "" he says . "" This is the first time ... the tool becomes smarter than ourselves . "" <p> One area where humans will always reign supreme over robots , though , is imagination , says Son . <p> "" If you have to envision , 10 years or 30 years later , at least some humans will have a better imagination than them . So , it 's not the end . The power of the brain is no limit . The imagination that we can have has no limit . So we are also going to improve our imaginations and our feelings , gut feeling . """
"<p> SINGAPORE , June 24 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson Controls , a global leader in building technologies and solutions , with the support of the Singapore Economic Development Board ( EDB ) , will set up a S$50 million innovation lab to pioneer a new branch of digital technology that blends building , spatial and behavioral data with analytics and machine learning . Scheduled to open by the end of September , the lab is expected to have more than 100 employees within four years . The investment is part of Johnson Controls ' commitment to spearhead the creation and adoption of disruptive solutions for the built environment industry as well as to accelerate digital transformation . <p> Alvin Ng , vice president , Digital Solutions , Asia Pacific , Johnson Controls , said , "" Urban living needs a reboot in the wake of a global pandemic . We see a renewed urgency to strengthen the resilience of our community and an opportunity to enhance sustainability . This innovation lab has a unique focus on the intersection of technology , people and space , creating new value for organizations and end users . "" <p> The lab @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ collaboration , commercialization and implementation . The resulting slew of customizable , autonomous or voice-activated solutions will meet the expectant growth for contactless applications , following societal adoption of safety and social-distancing measures as the post-pandemic norm . Property owners , facilities managers , business users and building occupants are among the target groups expected to benefit . <p> Working with property developers and building owners to create "" cognitive buildings "" or thinking buildings that can understand , or even predict , occupants ' preferred ambient settings and recognize space usage patterns . Such innovation will improve energy usage , increase the commercial attractiveness of the property , and enhance its environmental , social and governance ( ESG ) metrics . This is done through collaboratively developing solutions that apply advanced algorithms to a mash of data sets collected from Johnson Controls ' open platform of building solutions , consumer wearables , networked devices , location data and Johnson Controls Digital Twin1 . <p> Building an ecosystem comprising lifestyle , fitness and smart furniture datapoints . The data can be used for designing business and personal spaces . For @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ into "" pods "" for private videoconferencing or extended to become "" conversation lounges "" for small group collaboration . Building occupants can also benefit from timed artificial lighting that mimics the changing natural lights throughout the day . <p> Engaging with professional bodies to deliver the new applications that impact the sustainability and resilience of local properties , as well as setting the standards for delivery of professional services in this field . <p> Tan Kong Hwee , executive vice president , EDB , said : "" Johnson Controls ' decision to set up its innovation lab in Singapore underscores Singapore 's attractiveness as a location for companies to develop and commercialize new digital solutions for the global market . We welcome Johnson Controls ' approach of partnering with the vibrant ecosystem in Singapore even as it plans to build a substantial development team in Singapore . We look forward to the impactful solutions that Johnson Controls will create , and the exciting job opportunities for Singaporeans in areas such as software engineering , data science and cybersecurity . "" <p> "" We are excited to partner with EDB @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a pure-play intelligent buildings solutions provider , our depth of assets , resources , domain knowledge give us insights on the way forward for the built environment . This new innovation facility in Singapore will play a pre-eminent role in reshaping how we approach intelligent built environment technologies , and to attract like-minded talents who are eager to make a difference in Singapore and beyond , "" said Visal Leng , vice president and president , Building Solutions , Asia Pacific , Johnson Controls . <p> About the Singapore Economic Development Board <p> The Singapore Economic Development Board ( EDB ) , a government agency under the Ministry of Trade and Industry , is responsible for strategies that enhance Singapore 's position as a global centre for business , innovation , and talent . We undertake investment promotion and industry development , and work with international businesses , both foreign and local , by providing information , connection to partners and access to government incentives for their investments . Our mission is to create sustainable economic growth , with vibrant business and good job opportunities for Singapore and Singaporeans . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> About Johnson Controls : <p> At Johnson Controls , we transform the environments where people live , work , learn and play . From optimizing building performance to improving safety and enhancing comfort , we drive the outcomes that matter most . We deliver our promise in industries such as healthcare , education , data centers , and manufacturing . With a global team of 105,000 experts in more than 150 countries and over 130 years of innovation , we are the power behind our customers ' mission . Our leading portfolio of building technology and solutions includes some of the most trusted names in the industry , such as Tyco ? , YORK ? , Metasys ? , Ruskin ? , Titus ? , Frick ? , PENN ? , Sabroe ? , Simplex ? , Ansul ? and Grinnell ? . For more information , visit www.johnsoncontrols.sg or follow us on Johnson Controls APAC LinkedIn page . <p> 1 A connected , virtual replica of a physical product , asset or system ."
"<h> The Predictive Power of AI in Healthcare <p> 06/03/2017 04:55 am ET <p> I 've written a few times recently about the growing ability of AI to make accurate health-related predictions based upon medical data . For instance , a team from the University of Nottingham recently used machine learning to better predict cardiovascular risk . <p> They are far from alone however . For instance , a recent study by the University of Adelaide was able to predict the lifespan of a human simply by looking at images of their organs . <p> The researchers trained their algorithms on images of 48 patients ' chests , with the predictions comparable to those of clinicians . <p> "" Predicting the future of a patient is useful because it may enable doctors to tailor treatments to the individual , "" the authors say . "" The accurate assessment of biological age and the prediction of a patient 's longevity has so far been limited by doctors ' inability to look inside the body and measure the health of each organ . "" <p> The team hope to apply this technique @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ onset of heart attacks , with their next step being to increase the number of images used to train the system . <p> Predicting diabetes <p> It 's a challenge also being undertaken by researchers from Boston University who have published a paper exploring how machine learning can effectively predict heart disease and diabetes . They found that they could predict hospitalization due to each disease roughly a year in advance with an accuracy of 82% , thus giving care providers not only a chance to plan appropriate resources but also to try and intervene and head off the hospitalization . <p> The team has also worked with surgical teams in Boston to predict readmission rates within 30 days of an operation , and they 're confident that they can help to direct the appropriate care to prevent this from happening . <p> The system was trained not on medical images but the anonymized electronic health records of patients . The results surpassed those of existing risk scoring systems such as the Framingham Heart Study by around 25% , suggesting significant improvements can be made when this is rolled out @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ contained in our patient records is a much better indicator of readmission than the factors used in the Framingham model . <p> The authors estimate that over 4 million readmissions could be prevented each year in the US alone , costing over $30 billion , suggesting huge potential for improvement by using algorithms such as that developed by the Boston team . <p> Bringing to market <p> One company aiming to take this approach out of the lab and onto the market is Dutch startup Aidence . The company , who use machine learning to detect lung cancer from medical scans , recently raised $2.5 million in funding to help bring their technology to market in 2017 . <p> The company says it is currently working to adapt its software to identify other pathologies on chest CT as well as MR imaging of joints and the brain . It also plans applications for triage and workflow optimization , screening programs and routine clinical practice . <p> "" Our ultimate goal is to reach a level of diagnostic accuracy that matches the collective knowledge of all human experts -- and then @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ they say . <p> Suffice to say , the progress made by all of these projects is undoubtedly fascinating , but we are at the very start of this journey . If we 're capable of making predictions with &gt;80% accuracy from narrow data such as imaging and medical records alone , just imagine what we can do when personal data from mobile apps , wearable devices and genome sequencing is taking into account . <p> We could move from hospital based work towards nudge based systems that help us to lead a healthier lifestyle , thus keeping us well rather than fixing us when we 're sick . It 's a shift towards prevention that all health systems around the world need to make , and the secure liberation of data will be crucial to ensuring it happens . <p> As I argued recently , whilst there is a growing acceptance of this fact , we need to move beyond talking and towards action . As Victor Hugo famously said , there is nothing as powerful as an idea whose time has come , and the time is now @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ doing . <p> This post is hosted on the Huffington Post 's Contributor platform . Contributors control their own work and post freely to our site . If you need to flag this entry as abusive , send us an email . <p> Close <p> SUBSCRIBE TO &amp; FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL <p> Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most.Learn more"
"<h> Acapela , from the founder of Dubsmash , hopes ' asynchronous meetings ' can end Zoom fatigue <p> Acapela , a new startup co-founded by Dubsmash founder Roland Grenke , is breaking cover today in a bid to re-imagine online meetings for remote teams . <p> Hoping to put an end to video meeting fatigue , the product is described as an "" asynchronous meeting platform , "" which Grenke and Acapela 's other co-founder , ex-Googler Heiki Riesenkampf ( who has a deep learning computer science background ) , believe could be the key to unlock better and more efficient collaboration . In some ways the product can be thought of as the antithesis to Zoom and Slack 's real-time and attention-hogging downsides . <p> To launch , the Berlin -based and "" remote friendly "" company has raised ? 2.5 million in funding . The round is led by Visionaries Club with participation from various angel investors , including Christian Reber ( founder of Pitch and Wunderlist ) and Taavet Hinrikus ( founder of TransferWise ) . I also understand Entrepreneur First is a backer and has @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ problem . If you 've seen the ex-Andreessen Horowitz analyst writing about a post-Zoom world lately , now you know why . <p> Specifically , Acapela says it will use the injection of cash to expand the core team , focusing on product , design and engineering as it continues to build out its offering . <p> "" Our mission is to make remote teams work together more effectively by having fewer but better meetings , "" Grenke tells me . "" With Acapela , we aim to define a new category of team collaboration that provides more structure and personality than written messages ( Slack or email ) and more flexibility than video conferencing ( Zoom or Google Meet ) "" . <p> Grenke believes some form of asynchronous meetings is the answer , where participants do n't have to interact in real-time but the meeting still has an agenda , goals , a deadline and -- if successfully run -- actionable outcomes . <p> "" Instead of sitting through hours of video calls on a daily basis , users can connect their calendars and select meetings they would @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ So , as an alternative to everyone being in the same call at the same time , team members contribute to conversations more flexibly over time . Like communication apps in the consumer space , Acapela allows rich media formats to be used to express your opinion with voice or video messages while integrating deeply with existing productivity tools ( like GSuite , Atlassian , Asana , Trello , Notion , etc . ) "" . <p> In addition , Acapela will utilise what Grenke says is the latest machine learning techniques to help automate repetitive meeting tasks as well as to summarise the contents of a meeting and any decisions taken . If made to work , that in itself could be significant . <p> "" Initially , we are targeting high-growth tech companies which have a high willingness to try out new tools while having an increasing need for better processes as their teams grow , "" adds the Acapela founder . "" In addition to that , they tend to have a technical global workforce across multiple time zones which makes synchronous communication much more costly . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ into the space of SMEs and larger enterprises , since COVID has been a significant driver of the decentralization of work also in the more traditional industrial sectors . Those companies make up more than 90% of our European market and many of them have not switched to new communication tools yet "" ."
"<h> iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( TLT ) <p> The Q-Factor Score can be broken down into 4 core groups : Quality Value , Momentum , Growth , and Technicals <p> Q.ai Q-Factor Score <p> Top Buy <p> A-RATED STOCKS are those stocks the Big Data multi-factor models score as most probable to rise in price . These stocks are the best "" BUYS "" for investors . <p> Attractive <p> B-RATED STOCKS are those stocks our Big Data multi-factor models score as moderately probable to rise in price . While these stocks are ranked ATTRACTIVE , we believe the best buys for long positions are TOP BUYS which are A-rated stocks . <p> Neutral <p> C-RATED STOCKS are those stocks our Big Data multi-factor models score as probable to have negligible return for the month . <p> Unattractive <p> D-RATED STOCKS are those stocks our Big Data multi-factor models score as moderately probable to fall in price . While these stocks score as UNATTRACTIVE , we believe the best shorts are our TOP SHORTS which are F-rated stocks . <p> Top Short <p> F-RATED STOCKS are those @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ fall in price . These stocks are the best "" SHORTS "" for investors . <p> View score details <p> Leveraging Big Data multi-factor and Deep Learning models , the Q-Factor Score is assigned to each ETF ranging from "" Top Buy "" to "" Top Short "" . The Q-Factor Score represents an expectation for how an ETF will perform over the next 30 days . It is updated weekly . <p> Powered By Q.ai -- Investing Reimagined <p> Quality Value <p> Growth <p> Momentum <p> Technicals <p> Collapse Details <p> Leveraging Big Data multi-factor and Deep Learning models , the Q-Factor Score is assigned to each ETF ranging from "" Top Buy "" to "" Top Short "" . The Q-Factor Score represents an expectation for how an ETF will perform over the next 30 days . It is updated weekly . <p> Powered By Q.ai -- Investing Reimagined <p> Disclaimer <p> Q.ai is the trade name of Quantalytics Holdings , LLC . Q.ai , LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Quantalytics Holdings , LLC ( "" Quantalytics "" ) . Quantalytics is not a registered investment @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ data , information , or opinions presented by Quantalytics are for general information purposes only . Such data , information , or opinions are not an offer to sell or to buy , or a solicitation to buy or sell any securities . All investments and investment recommendations entail risks . Any forward looking estimates presented by Quantalytics may prove to be incorrect and not be realized . Any data , information , or opinions expressed in any form may change without notice . Any data , information , or opinions in Quantalytics in any form attributed to a third party represent Quantalytics ' interpretation of the data , information , or opinions provided by that third party either publicly or through a subscription service , and such use and interpretation have not been reviewed by the third party . The data , information and opinions presented have been obtained or derived from sources believed by Quantalytics to be reliable . Quantalytics does not make any representations as to their accuracy or completeness . Nothing discussed or presented in Quantalytics constitutes a representation that any investment , investment strategy , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ individual circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation . <p> Data , information , or opinions contained in Quantalytics in any form give no consideration to any particular individuals ' investment needs or objectives , nor do they consider any individuals ' financial condition . Consequently , any such data , information , or opinions do not in any way represent a personal recommendation to any individual investor or any entities , whatever the type . <h> ETF News on Forbes <p> After what has been the worst September for markets in nearly 18 years , the indices have been in full-blown recovery mode the last few trading days , looking to close September off on a high note . But is it here to stay ? Our deep learning algorithms have identified several ETFs for the week . <p> On 16 April 2020 , Medopad announced that it has changed its name to Huma and has acquired two healthtech startups : Biobeats and Tarilian Laser Technologies ( TLT ) that specialise in AI and wearable technologies . <p> That fund is only available to people with a Vanguard account @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ if you do ) you may substitute the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( NASDAQ : TLT ) . It has a similar track record to the Vanguard fund <p> Looking at units outstanding versus one week prior within the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , the biggest outflow was seen in the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( TLT ) , where 13,400,000 units were destroyed , or a 17.3% decrease week over week . And on a percentage change basis , the ETF ... <p> Comparing units outstanding versus one week ago at the coverage universe of ETFs at ETF Channel , the biggest inflow was seen in the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( TLT ) , which added 13,400,000 units , or a 20.9% increase week over week . And on a percentage change basis , the ETF with the ... <p> In trading on Monday , shares of the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( AMEX : TLT ) entered into oversold territory , changing hands as low as $122.72 per share . We define oversold territory using the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ technical analysis indicator used to measure momentum on a ... <p> Looking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , one standout is the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( AMEX : TLT ) where we have detected an approximate $719.1 million dollar outflow -- that 's a 14.8% decrease week over week ( from 41,900,000 to 35,700,000 ) . Click ... <p> Looking at units outstanding versus one week prior within the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , the biggest outflow was seen in the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( TLT ) , where 8,400,000 units were destroyed , or a 22.5% decrease week over week . And on a percentage change basis , the ETF ... <p> Looking at units outstanding versus one week prior within the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , the biggest outflow was seen in the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( TLT ) , where 2,200,000 units were destroyed , or a 6% decrease week over week . And on a percentage change basis , the ETF @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , one standout is the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( AMEX : TLT ) where we have detected an approximate $201.7 million dollar inflow -- that 's a 6.6% increase week over week in outstanding units ( from ... <p> Looking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , one standout is the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( AMEX : TLT ) where we have detected an approximate $166.6 million dollar inflow -- that 's a 5.8% increase week over week in outstanding units ( from ... <p> Looking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , one standout is the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF ( AMEX : TLT ) where we have detected an approximate $163.8 million dollar inflow -- that 's a 5.2% increase week over week in outstanding units ( from ... <p> Looking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel , one standout is the iShares 20+ Year @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have detected an approximate $96.7 million dollar outflow -- that 's a 2.9% decrease week over week ( from 31,500,000 to 30,600,000 ) . Click ..."
"<p> At MAX 2019 today , Adobe announced an impressive expansion of its products . For one thing , full Photoshop is now available for iPads , something that was announced a while back and is now generally available . Version 1.0 focuses on "" top workflows "" , and Adobe says that it will expand the product as it learns how people use Photoshop on a mobile device . <p> It does have a redesigned UI , since an iPad is a different type of device from a PC . Clearly , it 's meant to be more touch-centric . You can open and edit your PSD files from anywhere , and connect it with your PC via Adobe Cloud . <p> Photoshop for PCs is also getting an update today , with Sensei AI and machine learning . There are new editing capabilities , and so on . The update will arrive via the Creative Cloud app . <p> Other apps generally available today are Adobe Fresco and Aero . Fresco is available on both Windows and for iPad , and on Windows , it supports ARM64 PCs . While Fresco is a drawing and painting app @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ With Aero , you can turn layered PSDs into augmented reality ."
"<p> Google has reached a level of monopolization that needs to be taken seriously as a threat to freedom , the free exchange of ideas and political diversity . <p> Follow along with the logic of your average "" woke "" Google employee . These employees have been openly arguing for a few years now that Google needs a diverse array of employees shaping Google 's algorithms , or Google will only present to consumers certain information that might exclude diverse views or information . <p> Concurrently , these same employees have argued that Google need not entertain conservative thoughts or ideas . It was not that long ago that Google employees revolted at the idea of Kay Cole James , a black female and president of the Heritage Foundation , sitting on a Google advisory board designed to ensure diversity in Google 's artificial intelligence practices . <p> Google 's employees want diversity , but not ideological diversity . They believe diversity is needed to shape access to information through Google , but they want to deny any ideological diversity in the process of shaping . <p> Google controls over 90% of search engine activity . With a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , Google can restrict access to information that offends its hired gatekeepers . Google controls over 70% of the market share of advertising online . Over the years , Google has bought up major competitors and then leveraged its dominance to both grow its ad business and hurt its competitors . <p> According to The Wall Street Journal , in an experiment last year , Nexstar Media Group Inc. tried to get out of Google 's ad network and saw not only a revenue dive but also a dive across access to the company 's data because Google has so integrated its ad business , ad generation business and search business . <p> This past week , a reporter at NBC News attempted to have The Federalist removed from Google 's ad network . The Federalist is a conservative website that had the audacity to run a story critical of the media . The NBC News reporter actually flagged The Federalist due to a comment left by a random commenter . Google made The Federalist delete its comments section to keep revenue flowing . <p> In the past year , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ received notices from Google that posts at The Resurgent related to guns and other issues have all run afoul of Google 's policies . In fact , Google routinely uses its position to demonetize conservatives who might write about guns or other matters . They starve sites of cash , and there are no comparable competitors to go to . <p> On top of that , left-wing agitators have a sympathetic ear at Google , and Google is more likely to target sites on the right than the left . An NBC News reporter , who had previously been a left-wing activist for the U.K. Labour Party , found a sympathetic person at Google to demonetize a conservative news and opinion site because of a random commenter in a comments section . One wonders if Google will demonetize The New York Times because of Sen. Tom Cotton 's op-ed . Do n't hold your breath . <p> That Google can use its monopoly to force websites to delete content or else be penalized is a dangerous thing , particularly when Google is so willing to target conservatives . <p> Google @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Internet Explorer that forced antitrust action against Microsoft . Likewise , Google 's control of over 70% of online advertising is depriving the marketplace of competition . Google is now using its Chrome browser to compel changes to the open internet , becoming a new Internet Explorer , where people must use Google 's browser to render sites properly and , with that , let Google track them . <p> The time has come for serious bipartisan investigations into breaking apart Google . If Google can use its position to censor others and harm them financially while ensuring a departure from Google causes even further harm , Google is too big . <p> It is easy to say sites can go elsewhere and do not have to use Google . But there is nowhere on the internet one can go to truly escape Google without significant sacrifice in accessibility or revenue . It is time to break it up and prohibit it from controlling the content of other sites ."
"<p> Transportation planning decisions often involve trade-offs between various economic impacts , including direct user costs , and various external costs imposed on other people . All of these impacts should be considered in planning analysis . <p> Long considered beneath serious attention by design and planning elites , suburban settlements in the United States are emerging as key arenas to address crucial environmental , economic , and social issues . <h> Measuring the Effect of Zoning on Housing Prices <p> Recent political interest in local land use regulations requires a thorough and nuanced understanding of the strengths and limitations of the methodologies available for measuring the effects of zoning . <p> "" But to design policies that are effective are reducing these barriers , we need to answer several questions , "" writes Schuetz . "" How exactly does zoning drive up housing costs ? How can we tell whether zoning is excessively restrictive ? "" <p> The answers to those questions and several that follow are "" practically hard "" to determine , according to Schuetz . "" There is n't one central database that contains all the thousands of local zoning codes , so most researchers @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have reviewed and manually coded laws , and there is increasing interest in using technical tools such as text analysis and machine learning .... Each method has distinct strengths and limitations . "" <p> Schuetz provides examples of some of the research that have deployed those methodologies , before documenting another complication and suggesting a new frame for informing zoning reform in the name of housing affordability . <p> Planning : A professional practice and an academic study focused on the future of built environments and connected natural environments -- from the smallest towns to the largest cities and everything in between . <p> Planetizen : The independent resource for people passionate about planning and related fields ."
"<h> AI could help improve performance of lithium-ion batteries and fuel cells <p> A new machine learning algorithm allows researchers to explore possible designs for the microstructure of fuel cells and lithium-ion batteries , before running 3D simulations that help researchers make changes to improve performance . <p> Improvements could include making smartphones charge faster , increasing the time between charges for electric vehicles , and increasing the power of hydrogen fuel cells running data centres . <p> The paper is published today in npj Computational Materials . <p> Fuel cells use clean hydrogen fuel , which can be generated by wind and solar energy , to produce heat and electricity , and lithium-ion batteries , like those found in smartphones , laptops , and electric cars , are a popular type of energy storage . The performance of both is closely related to their microstructure : how the pores ( holes ) inside their electrodes are shaped and arranged can affect how much power fuel cells can generate , and how quickly batteries charge and discharge . <p> However , because the micrometre-scale pores are so small , their specific shapes and sizes can be difficult to study @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ cell performance . <p> Now , Imperial researchers have applied machine learning techniques to help them explore these pores virtually and run 3D simulations to predict cell performance based on their microstructure . <p> The researchers used a novel machine learning technique called "" deep convolutional generative adversarial networks "" ( DC-GANs ) . These algorithms can learn to generate 3D image data of the microstructure based on training data obtained from nano-scale imaging performed synchrotrons ( a kind of particle accelerator the size of a football stadium ) . <p> Lead author Andrea Gayon-Lombardo , of Imperial 's Department of Earth Science and Engineering , said : "" Our technique is helping us zoom right in on batteries and cells to see which properties affect overall performance . Developing image-based machine learning techniques like this could unlock new ways of analysing images at this scale . "" <p> When running 3D simulations to predict cell performance , researchers need a large enough volume of data to be considered statistically representative of the whole cell . It is currently difficult to obtain large volumes of microstructural image data at the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ could train their code to generate either much larger datasets that have all the same properties , or deliberately generate structures that models suggest would result in better performing batteries . <p> Project supervisor Dr Sam Cooper , of Imperial 's Dyson School of Design Engineering , said : "" Our team 's findings will help researchers from the energy community to design and manufacture optimised electrodes for improved cell performance . It 's an exciting time for both the energy storage and machine learning communities , so we 're delighted to be exploring the interface of these two disciplines . "" <p> By constraining their algorithm to only produce results that are currently feasible to manufacture , the researchers hope to apply their technique to manufacturing to designing optimised electrodes for next generation cells . <p> ### <p> Disclaimer : AAAS and EurekAlert ! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert ! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system ."
"<h> Please help us continue to provide you with free , quality journalism by turning off your ad blocker on our site . <h> Thank you for signing in . <p> If this is your first time registering , please check your inbox for more information about the benefits of your Forbes account and what you can do next ! <p> I agree to receive occasional updates and announcements about Forbes products and services . You may opt out at any time . <p> I 'd like to receive the Forbes Daily Dozen newsletter to get the top 12 headlines every morning . <p> Forbes takes privacy seriously and is committed to transparency . We will never share your email address with third parties without your permission . By signing in , you are indicating that you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . <h> Covid-19 's $9 Trillion Global Price Tag Is Just The Beginning <p> U.S. President Donald Trump shushes journalists before signing the Paycheck Protection Program ... + Flexibility Act in the Rose Garden at the White House June 05 , 2020 in Washington , D.C. <p> Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images <p> It 's amazing @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ economic intelligentsia . <p> Take the news that Japanese gross domestic product only fell 2.2% in the first quarter , not the initially reported 3.4% contraction . Or Friday 's bombshell announcement that the U.S. unemployment rate ended May at a lower-than-forecast 13.3% . <p> There 's good reason to be skeptical about such data , and not just because the U.S. Labor Department flagged a "" misclassification error "" that muddies the picture ( the real jobless rate may be 16.4% ) . Make that more than 9 trillion reasons . <p> That 's how much , in U.S. dollar terms , fiscal policymakers have pumped into the global economy as Covid-19 fallout intensifies . In detailing this tally , the Institute of International Finance points out that direct budget expenditures make up $4.4 trillion of that total . The other roughly $5 trillion comprises off-budget schemes including loan guarantee programs and support for equities . <p> But two things are worth keeping in mind . One is that the net borrowing needs of the four biggest economic powers -- the U.S. , the euro zone , Japan and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ balance sheets of the Group of Four central banks , meantime , will soon exceed an unthinkable $22 trillion . Two , these unprecedented responses might not be enough . <p> Recent data out of China show why . Though economists have long since dropped delusions of a "" V-shaped "" recovery , there 's ample chatter about a "" U-shaped "" revival . News , however , that Chinese exports fell 3.3% in May from a year ago suggests otherwise . Especially , when you put it together with a 16.7% tumble in imports . <p> The gloom , in other words , is coming from both inside and outside . Yet even in weakness , Chinese trends risk drawing Donald Trump 's ire in Washington . In May , Beijing posted a record $62.93 billion trade surplus , the biggest since economists began tracking the series in the early 1980s . <p> China 's surplus with President Trump 's America jumped to nearly $28 billion . Trump supporters have every reason to wonder what that "" phase one "" trade-deal drama was all about . At the same @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have surely noticed that China 's currency is trending lower . <p> The yuan 's 3.4% drop since mid-January is perfectly defensible in economic terms . With China 's highly indebted , unbalanced economy growing the slowest in 30 years , some currency weakness is to be expected . Yet Navarro is almost surely working behind the scenes to convince Trump that Chinese President Xi Jinping is thumbing his nose at America . <p> The trade war Trump launched in 2018 is about to kick into a higher gear . His reelection bid is floundering as a botched Covid-19 response slams the economy . A tone-deaf response to giant Black Lives Matter protests all around the U.S. is savaging Trump 's poll numbers versus Democratic rival Joe Biden . <p> Any attempt to regain momentum is sure to run through Beijing . Trump 's blame-China coronavirus narrative will take economic dimensions . That means tariffs on Chinese goods or Trump expanding the list of mainland companies that are banned from doing business as usual in the U.S. It could mean more barriers for China-region companies looking to list on U.S. @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ slap 25% taxes on cars and auto parts , devastating Asian supply chains . He could go further to disrupt Xi 's "" Made in China 2025 "" scheme . Taxing Beijing 's designs on dominating the future of artificial intelligence , micro-processing , renewable energy , robotics , self-driving vehicles and other areas could crimp growth around the globe . <p> Any move by Trump to weaken the dollar would shake up global markets already on edge . Count the ways , too , Trump might try to troll Beijing -- sending more naval ships to the South China Sea , offering asylum to Hongkongers , a phone call to Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen . <p> China , too , has myriad ways to retaliate : tariffs on U.S. goods , dumping $1.1 trillion of U.S. Treasuries , tit-for-tat bans on U.S. companies , a sharp yuan devaluation . <p> All this might seem less troublesome if there were economic engines on which to rely . Europe is facing the worst recession since the 1930s . What 's more , European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde faces the specter @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ easily get out of control . <p> Japan is n't exactly booming . It ended 2019 contracting 7.3% between October and December and the pain is only just beginning . Already , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rolled out $2 trillion of fiscal pump-priming , roughly 40% of GDP . Yet without vibrant export markets , it 's hard to see how fiscal pump-priming produces a solid , self-reinforcing recovery . <p> Just as with Covid-19 , the G4 economies could be in store for a second wave of turmoil from the developing world . Brazil 's economy , for example , may be teetering on the edge of default , spelling trouble to come for emerging economies . <p> Brazil , the ninth-biggest economy , is the "" B "" in BRICS , along with Russia , India , China and South Africa . Back in 2013 , amid the "" taper tantrum , "" it also was on Morgan Stanley 's "" fragile five "" list with India , Indonesia , South Africa and Turkey . It would n't take much for volatility in Brazil to morph into a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ we have a growth-destroying pandemic , deflationary risks and a crop of world leaders desperate to hold onto power . Put it all together and the $9 trillion-plus of public stimulus we 've seen to date is little more than a down payment of spending to come . <p> I am a Tokyo-based journalist , former columnist for Barron 's and Bloomberg and author of "" Japanization : What the World Can Learn from Japan 's Lost Decades . "" My journalism <p> ... <p> I am a Tokyo-based journalist , former columnist for Barron 's and Bloomberg and author of "" Japanization : What the World Can Learn from Japan 's Lost Decades . "" My journalism awards include the 2010 Society of American Business Editors and Writers prize for commentary ."
"<h> Two pilot projects under way in Brazil grew out of the company 's Silicon Valley innovation lab <p> By <p> Vinod Sreeharsha <p> Nov. 25 , 2019 5:30 am ET WSJ Pro <p> RIO DE JANEIRO -- Anheuser-Busch InBev SA is testing the use of artificial intelligence to improve the taste of its beer and to help small distributors in Brazil , such as shops and bars , secure credit to buy more of the company 's brews . <p> Both of the AI projects under way in Brazil sprang from AB InBev 's Beer Garage tech innovation lab , based in Mountain View , Calif . <p> This copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law . For non-personal use or to order multiple copies , please contact Dow Jones Reprints at"
"<p> An opportunity is available for an outstanding Senior Investigator Scientist -- Data Scientist to join the group of Dr Albert Cardona at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology ( LMB ) -- https : **39;5047;TOOLONG ... -- with a solid background in neuroscience with particular emphasis on cellular anatomy of neurons and graph theoretic analysis of neural circuits , and a background in software engineering with a verifiable track record of developing and deploying software using best practices . In particular , version control with git in the context of a developer team , with ticket-based team work and test suites , in an open source working environment . As well as , hands-on experience in the reconstruction of neuronal arbors from volume electron microscopy , with both , computer assisted manual and semi-automated means , and also hands-on experience in the generation of ground truth data sets for learning classifiers and with the tuning and application of computer vision , and machine learning tools for both arbor reconstruction and proofreading . Furthermore , you should have experience in developing or applying machine learning frameworks for synapse detection and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ include interacting with scientists from multiple disciplines , particularly with Biologists and be able to communicate effectively in a tight-loop with software users , translating between the language Biologists use for describing tool usage and specifications , and the formalisation of such tool feature requests into spec sheets , for tool development within existing or new software frameworks . With experience with bug triage and software users that lack a technical background , you will be able to produce mock up graphical interfaces for iterating user interface designs with tight user feedback . <p> You should be extremely familiar with microscopy file formats and high-performance image processing software libraries , with ample and demonstrable experience of its application to multi-terabyte data sets , and with deployment to both CPU and GPU clusters , as well as , to powerful multi-core servers and experience on how to optimise for and mitigate I/O bottlenecks . Showing demonstrable experience in building APIs for data access and modification of data structures for representation of neurons , and neural circuits via the web , created with programming languages and frameworks that enable fast-paced development and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ addition , you will have a strong and demonstrable experience of the following ; python programming language ( at version 3.6 or above ) , PostgreSQL ( version 10 or above ) , the Django framework for web applications , JavaScript for front-end in-browser applications , knowledge of the Rust programming language and its transpiling to webassembly for shared APIs for data processing on both the backend and frontends of a web application , and knowledge of the strengths and pitfalls of python bindings for Rust and other so-called low-level programming languages ( such as C++ and C ) and their libraries . You should be experienced with GPU computing and its often performance-critical integration into other frameworks and workflows , as well as , know how to use machine learning libraries with python bindings such as keras or pytorch , and have written code available in open source repositories where it can be evaluated by third parties . <p> The successful candidate will be awarded an open-ended position . Informal enquiries can be made to Dr Albert Cardona at **26;5088;TOOLONG . Additional information about the Neurobiology Division and the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ //www.mrc-lmb.cam.ac.uk . <p> The MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology is a research institute within UK Research and Innovation ( UKRI ) . UKRI is a new entity that brings together nine partners to create an independent organisation with a strong voice for research and innovation , more information can be found at www.ukri.org . <p> Working for UKRIMRC provides a whole host of benefits including a defined benefit pension scheme , excellent holiday entitlement ( 40 ? days including bank holidays and privilege days ) and Benenden Healthcare membership . You will also have access to employee shopping / travel discounts , on site sport and social facilities , as well as salary sacrifice cycle to work schemes and childcare vouchers ."
"<h> TMC NEWS <h> TMCNET eNEWSLETTER SIGNUP <p> Amazon Web Services and Bundesliga to Deliver Real Time Game Analysis with "" Bundesliga Match Facts Powered by AWS "" <p> May 26 , 2020 <h> Amazon Web Services and Bundesliga to Deliver Real Time Game Analysis with "" Bundesliga Match Facts Powered by AWS "" <p> Today , Amazon Web Services ( News - Alert ) ( AWS ) , an Amazon.com company ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) , and the German Bundesliga will debut the first two Bundesliga Match Facts powered by AWS during tonight 's highlight match at 18:30 CET featuring Borussia Dortmund vs . Bayern Muenchen on broadcast television in over 200 countries . The two new statistics , Average Positions and Expected Goals ( xGoals ) , will give fans deeper insights into a team 's intended playing style based on real-time analysis performed of data captured from tracking players ' locations on the field , and the probability of a player scoring a goal . Germany 's top national football league will leverage AWS 's unmatched set of cloud services , including machine learning and analytics , to introduce additional advanced statistics in 2020 and upcoming seasons . AWS and the Bundesliga are the first to deliver this unique combination of real-time advanced statistics and game analyses to football ( soccer ) fans around the world . <p> Using Amazon SageMaker , a fully managed service to build , train and deploy machine learning models , the Bundesliga can now assess the probability of a player scoring a goal when shooting from any position on the field with the Bundesliga Match Fact , xGoals . ( Photo : Business Wire ) <p> Bundesliga Match Facts are generated by gathering data from the live game video feeds that are streamed into AWS for analysis , and then provided back to broadcast viewers around the world in real-time as statistics . These statistics help audiences better understand things like the strategy involved in decision-making on the pitch and the probability of a goal for each shot . As of May 26 , Average Positions will be available during future broadcasts of Bundesliga matches , while xGoals will be available during highlight matches . <p> A look at the two new Bundesliga Match Facts powered by AWS <p> Average Positions : Fans will now be able to see the positioning of a team 's players on the pitch and gain insight into the team 's intended playing style . Average Positions provides new insights based on analysis performed on data captured from tracking a player 's average location on the field , which is then displayed in rea-time . This Bundesliga Match Fact allows viewers to identify the current momentum on the field and understand tactical changes . The new statistic will help pinpoint if a team is setting up in an attacking or defending style , pressing up the middle , or utilizing the wings . By displaying the average location and position of each player in real-time , Average Positions helps fans understand tactical changes as the game progresses . <p> xGoals : Using Amazon SageMaker , a fully managed service to build , train and deploy machine learning models , the Bundesliga can now assess the probability of a player scoring a goal when shooting from any position on the field . The goal probability is calculated in real-time for every shot to give viewers insight into the difficulty of a shot and the likelihood of a goal . To calculate the precision of xGoals , machine learning models were trained by analyzing 40,000 historical shots on goal in addition to an array of features derived from positional data , including distance to goal , angle to goal , player speed , number of defenders in line of shot , and goalkeeper coverage . <p> "" We at Bundesliga are able to use this advanced technology from AWS , including statistics , analytics and machine learning , to interpret the data and deliver more in-depth insight and better understanding of the split-second decisions made on the pitch , "" said Andreas Heyden , Executive Vice President of Digital Innovations for the DFL Group . "" The use of Bundesliga Match Facts enables viewers to gain a deeper insight into the key decisions in each match . "" <p> "" AWS is helping the Bundesliga enhance the broadcast viewing experience by delivering deeper insights into the game that did n't previously exist , "" said Andy Isherwood , Vice President and Managing Director EMEA , AWS . "" With AWS , Bundesliga is able to provide real-time statistics to predict future plays and outcomes . These two new statistics are just the beginning of what we 'll be able to deliver for football fans as we look forward to unlocking new ways to better educate , engage , and entertain viewers around the world . "" <p> For 14 years , Amazon Web Services has been the world 's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform . AWS offers over 175 fully featured services for compute , storage , databases , networking , analytics , robotics , machine learning and artificial intelligence ( AI ) , Internet of Things ( IoT ) , mobile , security , hybrid , virtual and augmented reality ( VR and AR ) , media , and application development , deployment , and management from 76 Availability Zones ( AZs ) within 24 geographic regions , with announced plans for nine more Availability Zones and three more AWS Regions in Indonesia , Japan , and Spain . Millions of customers-including the fastest-growing startups , largest enterprises , and leading government agencies-trust AWS to power their infrastructure , become more agile , and lower costs . To learn more about AWS , visit aws.amazon.com . <p> About Amazon <p> Amazon is guided by four principles : customer obsession rather than competitor focus , passion for invention , commitment to operational excellence , and long-term thinking . Customer reviews , 1-Click shopping , personalized recommendations , Prime , Fulfillment by Amazon , AWS , Kindle Direct Publishing , Kindle , Fire tablets , Fire TV , Amazon Echo , and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon . For more information , visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews . <p> About the Bundesliga <p> The Bundesliga is the top professional association football league in Germany . The league was established in 1963 and comprises 18 teams which operate on a system of promotion and relegation with the Bundesliga 2 . The Bundesliga is broadcast on television in over 200 countries and is operated by the DFL Deutsche Fu ? ball Liga."
"<p> Fortnite will add ' bots ' to help players improve , but how will skill be measured ? <p> 1 / 1 <p> Back to Gallery <p> Fortnite is introducing what 's likely going to be a highly controversial addition to its player-vs. -player battle royale mode : bots . <p> These artificial intelligence bots will "" behave similarly to normal players and will help provide a better path for players to grow in skill , "" said Fortnite creator Epic Games in a matchmaking update Monday . "" Bots will work in conjunction with the new matchmaking system , and as your skill improves , you 'll face fewer bots . "" <p> These fake players will not be in the competitive game modes , just throughout the general and popular battle royale modes like solo , duos and squads . Epic 's "" new matchmaking system "" means players will be more likely to be in games with players of similar skill . The v10.40 update will be slowly rolled out through different regions across the core battle royale modes . <p> Players everywhere will be looking to Epic to release more details on how "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ players who do n't want to be included in AI-filled games . <p> The desire for fairer Fortnite matches has always been there . Despite being the world 's most popular game , Fortnite is a notoriously difficult game to play . Quick trigger fingers will only get you so far . The best players must improvise architecture and skillfully navigate it under a hail of gunfire . <p> Last year a data-loving Reddit user created a comprehensive spreadsheet of their Fortnite sessions to see if skill-based matchmaking is at all a factor in the game ( it was not ) . <p> In June 2018 , Epic released a Playground game mode for players to not only build to their heart 's content , but also serve as a training ground for new or novice players . <p> It 's been a tricky balance for Epic to cater to casual players of the game ( which now resembles more of a social media platform a la Instagram ) and higher skill levels as Fortnite transitioned into a full-fledged esport . <p> The flash reactions from the Fortnite Battle Royale @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ aghast that they would play against AI , and others saying that it 's a "" great addition . "" Moreover , AI bots would n't affect players who are skilled . It all comes down to how that 's tracked , and how transparent Epic would be about that process ."
"<h> A computer on wheels -- The importance of electronics and software in automotive is rapidly increasing <h> Electromobility is the main driving force , with autonomous driving another important factor <p> The car of tomorrow will be a computer on wheels : autonomous driving , greater connectivity and an electric powertrain will accelerate this development . As a result , the importance of electronic components and software in vehicles is steadily increasing -- with drastic changes for the entire industry . This is the key finding of Roland Berger 's study "" Computer on Wheels / Disruption in Automotive Electronics and Semiconductors . "" <p> "" The triumphant advance of the software-driven car is leading to dramatic changes along the entire value chain , "" says Falk Meissner , Partner at Roland Berger and co-author of the study . "" All players in the industry are affected : while OEMs , for example , will have to spend considerable resources on module integration in the future , semiconductor manufacturers are increasingly becoming software providers as well . "" <h> Costs for electronic components increase dramatically <p> The experts at Roland Berger assume that the cost share of electronic @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ around 16 percent to around 35 percent by 2025 . The financial outlay for electronic modules in a typical premium car is currently US$3,145 . In the case of the "" computer on wheels "" -- a semi-autonomous , electrified car -- the cost per vehicle will already be US$7,030 by 2025 . <p> About a quarter ( US$725 ) of the costs can generally be attributed to digitalization . However , more than half of the increase ( US$2,235 ) is due to powertrain electrification . This makes electromobility the central cost driver . In autonomous driving , the additional funds required for automotive electronics ( US$925 ) are largely accounted for by computing power and sensor technology . "" Autonomous driving requires not only a shift from human decision-making to artificial intelligence , from memory to map and from the senses to sensors , but also investment in the technologies required for this , "" says Meissner . About half of the cost increase must be spent on cameras , LIDAR , radar and ultrasound sensors . The rest goes to the AI-controlled central processing unit that receives @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ actions ."
"<h> The true toll of the trade war <p> Another day , another attack on trade . Why is it that every dispute -- whether over intellectual property ( IP ) , immigration , environmental damage , or war reparations -- now produces new threats to trade ? <p> For much of the last century , the United States managed and protected the rules-based trading system it created at the end of World War II . <p> That system required a fundamental break from the pre-war environment of mutual suspicion between competing powers . The US urged everyone to see that growth and development for one country could benefit all countries through increased trade and investment . <p> Under the new dispensation , rules were enacted to constrain selfish behaviour and coercive threats by the economically powerful . <p> The US served as a benevolent hegemon , administering the occasional rap on the knuckles to those acting in bad faith . Meanwhile , the system 's multilateral institutions , especially the International Monetary Fund , helped countries in dire need of funds , provided they followed the rules . <p> America 's power stemmed from its control over votes @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ over countries in the G7 . It also had tremendous economic muscle of its own . <p> Importantly , though , most countries trusted the US would not misuse its power to further its national interests , at least not excessively . And the US had little reason to betray that trust . No country approached its economic productivity , while its only military rival , the USSR , was largely outside the global trading system . <p> The expansion of rules-based trade and investment opened up lucrative new markets for US firms . And because it could afford to be magnanimous , America granted some countries access to its markets without demanding the same level of access to theirs . <p> If policymakers from an emerging-market economy expressed concerns about the potential effects of more open trade on some of their workers , economists were quick to reassure them that any local pain would be outweighed by the long-term gains . <p> All they needed to do was redistribute the gains from trade to the groups left behind . This would turn out to be easier said than done @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ those left behind were regarded as an acceptable cost , given the overall benefits , and were easily contained . <p> In fact , emerging-market economies became so good at capitalising on new technologies and lower-cost transportation and communication that they managed to take over large swaths of manufacturing from the industrialised countries . <p> Again , trade affected domestic workers unequally , but now moderately educated workers in developed countries -- particularly small towns -- bore the brunt of the pain , while higher-skilled workers in urban service-sector industries flourished . <p> Unlike in emerging markets , where democracy had not yet sunk deep roots , disaffection among a growing cohort of these countries ' workers could not be ignored . <p> Policymakers in advanced economies thus reacted to the backlash against trade in two ways . First , they tried to impose their labour and environmental standards on other countries through trade and financing agreements . Second , they pushed for far stricter enforcement of intellectual property ( IP ) , much of which is owned by Western corporations . <p> Neither approach was particularly effective at slowing @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to upset the old order : the rise of China . <p> Like Japan and the East Asian tigers , China grew on the back of manufacturing exports . But , unlike those countries , it is now threatening to compete directly with the West in both services and frontier technologies . <p> Resisting outside pressure , China has adopted labour and environmental standards and expropriated IP according to its own needs . <p> It is now close enough to the technological frontier in areas like robotics and artificial intelligence that its own scientists can probably close the gap in the event that it is denied access to inputs it now imports . <p> Most alarming to the developed world , China 's burgeoning tech sector is enhancing its military prowess . And , unlike the Soviet Union , China is fully integrated into the world trading system . <p> The central premise of the rules-based trading order -- that each country 's growth benefits others -- is now breaking down . Advanced economies find that the higher regulatory structures and standards that they adopted during their own development now @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ regulated , relatively poor , but efficient emerging-market countries . <p> And these countries resent external attempts to impose standards they did not choose democratically , such as a high minimum wage or ending the use of coal , especially as today 's rich countries did not have these standards when they were developing . <p> Equally problematic , emerging economies , including China , have delayed opening their domestic markets to the industrial world . Developed country firms are especially eager for unfettered access to the attractive Chinese market , and have been pushing their governments to secure it for them . <p> Most problematic , though , with China challenging the United States both economically and militarily , the old hegemon no longer views China 's growth as an unmitigated blessing . It has little incentive to benevolently guide the system that enables the emergence of a strategic rival . No wonder the system is collapsing . <p> Where do we go from here ? <p> China can be slowed but can not be stopped . Instead , a powerful China must see value in new rules , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that to happen , it must have a role in setting them . Otherwise , the world could break up into two or more mutually suspicious , disconnected blocs , stopping the flows of people , production , and finance that link them today . Not only would that be economically calamitous ; it would increase misunderstanding and the possibility of military conflict . <p> Unfortunately , there can be no going back in time . Once broken , trust can not be magically restored . China and the United States will , one hopes , avoid opening up any new fronts in the trade and technology war , while acknowledging the need for negotiations . <p> Ideally , they would conclude a temporary bilateral patch-up . Then , all major countries would come together to negotiate a new world order , which accommodates multiple powers or blocs rather than a single hegemon , with rules that ensure that everyone -- regardless of their political or economic system and state of development -- behaves responsibly . <p> It took a Depression , a World War , and a superpower to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ this time be different ?"
"<p> Even as technological processes get smarter and cloud computing delves into data collection and analytics , Artificial Intelligence still has a long way to go before it can replicate a human brain , said an executive who oversees Alibaba Cloud 's A.I. projects . <p> "" As of today , nobody in the A.I. programming world is capable of doing that , even to an entry-level approach , "" Min Wanli , chief machine intelligence scientist at Alibaba Cloud , told CNBC 's Arjun Kharpal . "" We have to learn how to coordinate multiple dimensional capability to get there . "" <p> Min , who oversees artificial intelligence projects at Alibaba Cloud , was speaking at CNBC 's three-day East Tech West conference in Nansha district of Guangzhou , China . He enrolled in college at the young age of 14 and has a Ph.D . in Statistics from the University of Chicago . <p> A bigger fear with automation is perhaps the loss of human jobs at factories and industries equipped with power technology such as sensors and devices to collect and analyze data . Min said their goal was to make workers as smart as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a job loss , it 's a job transformation , "" Min said . <p> A champion of pattern predictions and data intelligence , Min has used a data machine in the past to predict the winner of a Chinese reality TV show called "" I Am Singer . "" He also helped Hangzhou city planners to optimize traffic lights to reduce congestion . <p> "" We are the first ones to really deliver a system which can cut down travel time of an ambulance by more than half , "" Min said . <p> After the upgrade , Zhang said Alibaba 's cloud business will work on building an intelligent technology infrastructure based on cloud computing that will be available to the public , underlying the company 's focus on cloud and e-commerce . <p> Hangzhou-based Alibaba 's cloud business reported a 90 percent jump in second-quarter revenue to $825 million , boosted by high-value services and increased number of paid customers . Alibaba Cloud contributed 7 percent to the company 's overall revenue in the second quarter . <p> With the upgrade , Alibaba Cloud aims to gain @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ rival Amazon . <p> Correction : This story has been updated to reflect that Min Wanli helped Hangzhou city planners to optimize traffic lights to reduce congestion ."
"<p> SAN DIEGO-- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) --DattoCon-- Datto Inc. , the leading global provider of IT solutions delivered through the managed service provider ( MSP ) channel , announced several key leadership positions . To help guide the company along its path of continued global growth , Datto has appointed a new Chief Sales Officer , Managing Director of Europe , the Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) , and Customer Experience Officer ( CXO ) . <p> To establish and drive Datto 's global go-to-market strategy and execution for all Datto solutions , the company welcomes Sanjay Singh as Chief Sales Officer . Singh brings more than 20 years of operational and general management experience and is focused on growing the business across the globe . Prior to joining Datto , he was Chief Operating Officer at Unbxd , Inc. , a product-discovery platform that uses artificial intelligence to anticipate and influence buying behaviors . Singh also worked for Akamai Technologies for 18 years , most recently as Senior Vice President of Global Operations and previously held roles in sales , services , and support . <p> Datto has appointed Mark Simon as the new Managing @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ region that has experienced growth of more than 1,600 MSP partners in the last 15 months . In this role , Simon is responsible for sales strategy and execution as well as leadership of Datto 's growing EMEA presence . Simon joins Datto with 20 years of international experience , including 14 years at Toluna , a technology provider of digital consumer insights , where he held various leadership roles , including Managing Director , North America , Managing Director , UK and Global Head of Products . <p> Singh and Simon join Chris McCloskey , who joined Datto in late 2018 as CXO , leading Datto 's world-class global customer success , technical support , customer experience and implementation teams . McCloskey 's teams are focused on providing award-winning service to Datto 's global partner base . Prior to joining Datto , McCloskey served as Finastra 's Chief Operating Officer for the Americas and several other roles , including Global Head of Solutions and Field Operations , and Global Head of Sales Operations . <p> "" Our partners have told us , and we agree , that now more @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ an MSP . We see promising growth for our partners and we anticipate that our new executive leaders will help shape and deliver on Datto 's vision to meet those market demands , "" said Tim Weller , CEO at Datto . "" More than 18 months after our merger with Autotask , we 're still growing our ecosystem . We signed on more than 1,500 new partners since the start of the year and continue to help them grow their revenue year-over-year . "" <p> Gartner predicts that the overall external IT spend of small-to-medium business ( SMB ) will reach $1.1 trillion by 2020 and that SMBs invest a higher proportion of IT spend on external IT solutions and services than large enterprises1 . Datto 's key hires will help the company stay ahead of the growing demands placed on MSPs globally to provide these services to their SMB clients . Today , Datto : <p> Continues to invest in talent , growing staff year-over-year to more than 1,600 employees . <p> Has facilities that span 22 offices in nine countries , with four new office expansions celebrated @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ SMBs across more than 130 countries through partnerships with more than 15,000 MSPs . <p> Protects more than 500 petabytes of end-user data , a nearly 15% increase from 2018 . <p> Datto 's executive team and expert staff have convened to unveil new technologies , discuss industry trends , and share growth strategies at DattoCon19 , the largest open-ecosystem event for MSPs in the IT industry with more than 2,900 attendees , taking place June 17-19 in San Diego , California . <p> About Datto <p> As the world 's leading provider of IT solutions delivered by Managed Service Providers ( MSPs ) , Datto believes there is no limit to what small and medium businesses can achieve with the right technology . Datto offers business continuity and disaster recovery , networking , business management , and file backup and sync solutions , and has created a one-of-a-kind ecosystem of partners that provide Datto solutions to half a million businesses across more than 130 countries . Since its founding in 2007 , Datto has earned hundreds of awards for its rapid growth , product excellence , superior technical support @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ headquarters in Norwalk , Connecticut , Datto has international offices in the United Kingdom , Netherlands , Denmark , Germany , Canada , Australia , China , and Singapore . Learn more at datto.com."
"<p> Thank you for visiting nature.com . You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS . To obtain the best experience , we recommend you use a more up to date browser ( or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer ) . In the meantime , to ensure continued support , we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript . <h> Subjects <h> Abstract <p> Owing to the global lockdowns that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic , fuel demand plummeted and the price of oil futures went negative in April 2020 . Robust fuel demand projections are crucial to economic and energy planning and policy discussions . Here we incorporate pandemic projections and people 's resulting travel and trip activities and fuel usage in a machine-learning-based model to project the US medium-term gasoline demand and study the impact of government intervention . We found that under the reference infection scenario , the US gasoline demand grows slowly after a quick rebound in May , and is unlikely to fully recover prior to October 2020 . Under the reference and pessimistic scenario , continual lockdown ( no reopening ) could worsen the motor gasoline demand @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ normal level quicker . Under the optimistic infection scenario , gasoline demand will recover close to the non-pandemic level by October 2020 . <h> Main <p> Since December 2019 , the infectious coronavirus disease 2019 ( COVID-19 ) quickly swept the world and reached pandemic status in just a few months1,2 . Of the over 7.5 million cases reported worldwide , about 25% are in the United States , which makes it the country with the largest number of confirmed cases in the world so far3 . Sood et al . implies that the actual infections could be more widespread than indicated by the number of confirmed cases4 . To cope with the pandemic , public health policies were implemented to slow the spread of COVID-19 by ' flattening the curve ' using ' stay-at-home ' policies . The unanticipated reduction in mobility , and therefore fuel demand , resulted in a glut of oil in the market and the West Texas Intermediate oil price plunged to an unprecedented negative value in April 20205,6 . For the oil market , the United States is one of the largest energy consumers @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in US oil consumption impact the petroleum supply chain and trends of the broader energy economy7 . Beyond temporary and local oil price and demand shocks , US gasoline demand alone is substantial enough to impact longer-term investments in the global energy industry , which impacts the world economy as a whole . <p> Although the value of oil has somewhat recovered since April , uncertainties in the US economy persist because of the lingering pandemic . The International Monetary Fund estimated the annual change in real gross domestic product in the United States could be -8.0% in 2020 and the global economy could contract by 4.9%8 . To effectively reduce uncertainties , multiple models were developed by researchers to project the trend of the COVID-19 pandemic9 . Projections of the evolution of COVID-19 pandemic trends show that lockdowns help to reduce COVID-19 transmissions by as much as 90% compared with the baseline without any social distancing in Austin , Texas10 . However , this unprecedented phenomenon could last for a few years : Kissler et al . suggested that , even after the pandemic peaked , COVID-19 surveillance should @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ as late as 20249 . Therefore , beyond the immediate economic responses , the longer-term impact on the US economy may persist well beyond 2020 . An effective forecast or estimate of the pandemic impacts could help people to well prepare and navigate around unknown risks . More specifically , reliably projecting the oil demand , a critical leading indicator of the state of the US economy , is beneficial to related business activities and investment decisions . <p> There are studies that discuss the impacts of unexpected natural hazards and/or disasters on energy demand and/or consumption11,12 , and studies that evaluate the impacts of previous pandemics on tourism13 and economics14 . However , few studies have quantified and forecast the oil demands under multiple pandemic scenarios , and this research is desperately needed . To date , studies focused on the energy impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are limited to the short-term energy outlook released by the US Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) ; this outlook uses a simplified evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic to forecast the US gross domestic product , energy supplies , demands and prices @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , we develop a model that combines personal mobility with motor gasoline demand and uses a neural network to correlate personal mobility with the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic , government policies and demographic information . <p> In this study , we extend the understanding of the COVID-19 impact on medium-term fuel demand as the pandemic evolves . This will be useful to both policymakers and stakeholders in balancing the COVID-19 spread and economic recovery . Some key findings are : under the reference infection scenario , the growth of motor gasoline demand in the US is slow after a quick rebound in May 2020 , and it is unlikely that demand will recover to a non-pandemic level prior to October 2020 ; under both the reference and pessimistic infection scenarios , a continual lock-down ( no-reopening ) policy could worsen the motor gasoline demand temporarily , but it helps the demand recover to a normal level more quickly due to its impact on infection rate ; under the optimistic infection scenario , the projected trend of motor gasoline demand will recover to about 95% of the non-pandemic gasoline level @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ however , under the pessimistic infection scenario , the second wave of infections in mid-June to August could substantially lower the gasoline demand once more , but it will not be worse than it was in April 2020 . These results imply that government intervention does impact the infection rate , which thereby impacts mobility and fuel demand . <h> Mobility and pandemic <p> A result of policies aimed at ' flattening the curve ' is an unprecedented restriction to mobility . Beginning in March and through April 2020 , at least 316 million people in the United States lived in regions with some form of stay-at-home policy16 . US Department of Transportation data show that travel on all roads and streets in March 2020 decreased by 18.6% , an equivalent of 50.6 billion fewer vehicle miles compared with travel in March 201917 . Subsequently , US on-road transportation fuel consumption in April 2020 was 30% lower than it was in April 201918 . <p> The widespread availability of personal mobile devices has allowed us to quantitatively measure people 's confinement . At the onset of the pandemic , Google @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ map data to help better quantify the correlation between the reduction in mobility and the spread of COVID-1919,20 . Figure 1a -- c shows changes in mobility in the United States reported by Google for the period between 15 February and 4 June 2020 for work , retail and recreation , and for grocery and pharmacy19 . The US shutdown policies are governed at the state or more localized levels instead of at a federal level , and there is considerable variation of mobility decrease among states . Although all three categories experienced a widespread decrease in mobility from 26 March 2020 , the onset of many stay-at-home orders , the decrease is heterogeneous across the states and categories . Figure 1d shows the seven-day average for daily COVID-19 cases and deaths during the same period21 . Although the daily number of cases of COVID-19 increased between 16 March and 20 April 2020 , during a period of which much of the country was shut down , this increase is primarily due to the long incubation period of COVID-1922 . Likewise , an increase in the daily number of deaths @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ clearly show that the changes in mobility and pandemic data are highly non-linear . A sharp change in mobility is observed in the first two weeks after the pandemic reaches a threshold , and then mobility plateaus and becomes insensitive to further increases in confirmed cases or deaths . We conducted a detailed correlation analysis between mobility and pandemic data to identify the key parameters to consider in the model development . The results of the correlation analysis are presented in Supplementary Fig. 1 and Supplementary Note 1 . <p> Fig. 1 : Changes in mobility in various sectors and number of cases . <p> a -- c , Percentage changes in Google mobility between 15 February and 4 June 2020 for workplaces ( a ) , grocery and pharmacy ( b ) and retail and recreation ( c ) 19. d , Seven-day average of the number of COVID-19 confirmed cases and deaths in the United States3 . The box plots represent the interquartile range ( IQR ) and the lower and upper whiskers represent 1.5 ? ? ? IQR . Each yellow data point represents the mobility of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ? ? IQR . <p> As the change in mobility implies a change in vehicle miles travelled , the mobility data provide a solid foundation to analyse the fuel-demand change in each travel category . This also means that a reliable fuel-demand-projection model can be created if the future mobility can be predicted based on the projected evolution of the pandemic . <h> Pandemic oil demand analysis model <p> Motor gasoline is the main US transportation fuel as it accounts for about 58% of the total energy consumption by the transportation sector and 45% of the total petroleum consumption23 . In this work , a machine-learning-based model of pandemic oil demand analysis ( PODA ) was developed to project the US gasoline demand using COVID-19 pandemic data , government policies and demographic information . As shown in Fig. 2 , the model contains two major modules : a Mobility Dynamic Index Forecast Module and a Motor Gasoline Demand Estimation Module . The Mobility Dynamic Index Forecast Module identifies the changes in travel mobility caused by the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and government orders , and it projects the changes @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the United State . Notably , the change in travel mobility , which affects the frequency of human contact or the level of social distancing , can reciprocally impact the evolution of the pandemic to some extent , as the grey dashed line shows in Fig. 2 . The Motor Gasoline Demand Estimation Module estimates vehicle miles travelled on pandemic days while it considers the dynamic indices of travel mobility , and it quantifies motor gasoline demands by coupling the gasoline demands and vehicle miles travelled . The neural network model , which is the core of the PODA model , has 42 inputs , 2 layers and 25 hidden nodes for each layer , with rectified linear units as the activation function ( see Methods for details ) . The data sets used for model training , calibration and validation are provided in Supplementary Note 2 . In the PODA model , the potential induced travel demand due to the lower oil prices under the COVID-19 pandemic is not explicitly considered . <p> Fig. 2 : The structure of the PODA model . <p> The PODA model is a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ pandemic data , government policies and demographic information . The Mobility Dynamic Index Forecast Module identifies the changes in travel mobility caused by the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and government orders . The Motor Gasoline Demand Estimation Module quantifies motor gasoline demands due to the changes in travel mobility . <p> The pandemic data used to project future motor gasoline demand is taken from the Youyang Gu ( YYG ) COVID-19 projection model ( https : **32;891;TOOLONG ) , which is one of few models referenced by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that offers a medium-term ( three-month ) forecast of infections and deaths for each state under multiple scenarios9 . The model is updated daily to provide new projections for the next three months . The YYG model generates three new infection cases ( mean , lower and upper ) under a 95% confidence interval and uncertainties . Therefore , we divided our study into three scenarios that aligned with these projections : reference ( mean ) , optimistic ( lower ) and pessimistic ( upper ) . In addition , the pandemic data forecast @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ was used to project the gasoline demand , which was compared against the projection based on inputs from the YYG model . The details of these scenarios are provided in Supplementary Note 3 and Supplementary Figs. 5 -- 7 . We also provide the fuel demand of the non-pandemic scenario for comparison . For this scenario , we used the four-year average from 2016 to 2019 to reflect the seasonal change in gasoline demand ( see Supplementary Figs. 8 and 9 for details ) . <h> Projections of motor gasoline demand under COVID-19 pandemic <p> Figure 3 shows US motor gasoline demand projections and state-level mobility projections up to 21 September 2020 under the reference pandemic scenario . The historical mobility and gasoline demand data for simulation in the model are from 1 March to 5 June 2020 , and the pandemic data are from the YYG model projection as of 10 June 2020 . Shown in Fig. 3 , the projected motor gasoline demands from the PODA model fit well with the historical motor gasoline demand from EIA as of 5 June 2020 . As the reopening was successively @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ recovered from its low point during the first weeks of April . By the week of 5 June 2020 , the gasoline demand reached 7.9 million barrels per day ( BPD ) , growing by nearly 56% compared with the April 3 low point18 . <p> Fig. 3 : The projection of gasoline demand and mobility level in the United States under the reference pandemic scenario . <p> a , Comparison of gasoline demand projections based on the Apple mobility data and Google mobility data19,20 . EIA weekly motor gasoline supply and non-pandemic gasoline demands are provided for comparison18. b , State-level mobility projections . The inputs for projection are from Apple and Google . The mobility level at 0% in Apple mobility refers to the baseline on 13 January 202020 . The mobility level at 0% for Google mobility refers to the baseline of the median value for the corresponding days of the weeks from 3 January to 6 February 202019 . <p> This study adopts the mobility trend data from Google19 into the PODA model to project future motor gasoline demand , and uses the mobility data from @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ The value deviations between the projected motor gasoline demands based on mobility trends from these two data sources are shown in Fig. 3 . For predictions after May , the projected gasoline demands based on Apple mobility data tend to be about 10% higher than the projections based on Google mobility data . Thus , although the mobility trends from Google and Apple are estimated using different methodologies -- Google estimates mobility using location and visit duration data19 , and Apple uses route map requests20 -- these collection methods have a relatively limited effect on the projected motor gasoline demand . However , the Apple mobility data offer only the aggregated changes of mobility , which do not differentiate mobility among detailed trip activities and/or purposes and may not well represent some trip categories . Therefore , the gasoline demand projections based on Apple mobility data could result in a larger error . As a result , this study uses the inputs from Google mobility data for the projection and scenario discussion . <p> The PODA model can also be used to project the mobility level . In addition to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ mobility levels in each individual state from March to September 2020 . Clearly , the mobility levels in all the states are much lower in April than in March , and the differences are much larger for states that have more COVID-19 infections , such as New York and California . However , in May , when many states started to reopen , the mobility levels in most states increased dramatically . This was especially so in states from the Midwest and South , such as North Dakota and Alabama , mobility levels are already higher than they were in January 2020 when the baseline mobility level was low , partially due to the cold weather . However , if this disease evolves as the reference scenario suggests -- shown in Fig. 4a -- the mobility levels and gasoline demand in these states could stay low in mid-June to early August 2020 as the pandemic resurges . After that , the mobility and gasoline demand slowly recover as the daily confirmed cases gradually decline . <h> Dynamics of future motor gasoline demand <p> The knowledge deficit of this disease magnifies @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Figure 5 gives the corresponding motor gasoline demands under three different scenarios . To present the weekly changes to better show the trend and clear comparison between different scenarios , the projected values of gasoline demands shown in Fig. 5 are all given as seven-day moving averages . The scenario details are described in Supplementary Note 3 . Analysis of the medium-term projected motor gasoline demand to October 2020 under the reference scenario shows that , although the motor gasoline demand will grow rapidly after the April 2020 recovery , it is expected to remain fairly flat from mid-May until October 2020 . The projected motor gasoline demand by the end of September 2020 will be about 8.342 million BPD . For comparison , the projected gasoline demand in late September 2020 under the reference pandemic scenario is about 90% of the demand under the non-pandemic scenario . The motor gasoline demand is about 78% of the demand under the non-pandemic scenario on 8 May 2020 , and it is about 82% on 5 June 202018 . Therefore , the motor gasoline demand in the United States is unlikely to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ before October 2020 ) under the current reference pandemic scenario . This is primarily because the YYG model projects that the pandemic will continue to evolve , and a new smaller wave of infections could occur in mid-June to August 2020 , which could lessen people 's desire to travel or prompt the government to adjust its intervention measures . <p> Fig. 5 : Gasoline demand under different scenarios ( projected by 10 June 2020 ) . <p> Gasoline demand projections are based on the three scenarios of the YYG model and that of the MIT model ( https : **31;925;TOOLONG ) 24 . EIA weekly motor gasoline supply and non-pandemic gasoline demands are provided for comparison18 . <p> The projections of optimistic and pessimistic scenarios expand the probabilities of the motor gasoline demands in the medium term . In the optimistic scenario , the reproduction values are believed to be smaller than at the beginning of the pandemic period , and people are assumed to be more willing to travel . Thus , the motor gasoline demand after April 2020 continues to rapidly grow until October 2020 . The @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ optimistic scenario is about 98% of the demand under the non-pandemic scenario , which means the US gasoline demand is almost normal by then . In the pessimistic scenario , the pandemic response measures are assumed to deteriorate , and a more serious wave of daily new infections are projected . This would result in more social distancing measures by governments , companies and individuals , as well as increased concerns about travel . Thus , the motor gasoline demand after April 2020 declines to about 6.1 million BPD before it starts to recover by mid-August 2020 , but the demand will not be worse than it was in April 2020 . The projected motor gasoline demand in late September 2020 under the pessimistic pandemic scenario is about 78% of the demand projected for the non-pandemic scenario . Although results as of 10 June 2020 are presented in this work , the PODA model is updated regularly with the evolution of the pandemic ( https : //covid19-mobility.com and https : **26;958;TOOLONG ) . <p> This study is also able to project the motor gasoline demands with pandemic inputs from other @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ availability of model source codes , we chose the pandemic projections from the MIT model as an example9,24 . The purple curve in Fig. 5 shows the projected gasoline demands in the United States based on inputs from the MIT model , which is very close to the demand projected using the optimistic scenario from the YYG model . This is because the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic projected by the MIT model is similar to that projected by the YYG model under the optimistic scenario ( https : **31;986;TOOLONG ) 24 , as shown in Supplementary Fig. 5 . <h> Gasoline demand under reopening and no-reopening policies <p> With the reopening of many states in late April and early May 2020 , the motor gasoline demand clearly increased , even though the pandemic was far from over . Some researchers have warned that too early a reopening in some states could result in more infections and deaths25 , but a continuation of shutdown measures , or postponing reopening , will mean a continued reduction in mobility . To further explore the potential impact of reopening and no-reopening policies on @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the ' no-reopening ' scenario ) in which the reopening policy is postponed by four weeks ( that is , the reopening is not implemented until late May and early June 2020 ) . Here , the travel mobility and motor gasoline demand from 24 April to 21 May 2020 ( four weeks ) was assumed to be postponed by four weeks to 22 May to 18 June 2020 . Travel mobility and motor gasoline demand from 24 April to 21 May 2020 were assumed to be linearly extended from 23 April 2020 . In addition , the study by Fowler et al . shows that , in the United States , a strict stay-at-home order can help to give a 30.2% reduction of confirmed infection cases after one week , a 40.0% reduction after two weeks and a 48.6% reduction after three weeks26 . These reduction rates were built into the no-reopening scenario in comparison with the scenarios with the YYG model under the facts with reopening ( https : **31;1019;TOOLONG ) . In the no-reopening scenarios , the reciprocal effect of mobility on the evolution of the pandemic @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in motor gasoline demand that result from the reopening and no-reopening policies under the reference , optimistic and pessimistic scenarios . Under the reference scenario with a no-reopening policy , the four-week delay causes the motor gasoline demand to recover much more slowly than it would with a reopening policy during this period . However , after the reopening in late May and early June 2020 , the rebound in gasoline demand is more prominent than that in late April and early May 2020 . The cumulative motor gasoline demands during the period from 23 April to 21 September 20 under both reopening and no-reopening policies were calculated in these three pairs of scenarios , as shown in Fig. 4 . Under the reference scenario , the cumulative motor gasoline demand with the no-reopening policy is approximately 6.4 million barrels more than the motor gasoline demand with the reopening policy . Under the optimistic scenario , the cumulative motor gasoline demand that results from the no-reopening policy is about 40.0 million barrels less than that from the reopening policy . Under the pessimistic scenario , the cumulative motor gasoline demand @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ barrels more than that from the reopening policy . In summary , under the reference and pessimistic scenarios , the no-reopening policy could worsen the motor gasoline demand in the short term , but it might help the motor gasoline demand recover to a normal level sooner , and therefore the cumulative gasoline demand during this period would be higher . Comparatively , under the optimistic scenarios , the reopening policy could result in a quicker recovery of the motor gasoline demand in the medium term . <h> Conclusions <p> A machine-learning model , PODA , was developed to predict travel mobility in combination with motor gasoline demand . This model allows a review of the mobility trends from Google and Apple , compares these with the non-pandemic period , analyses the historical weekly motor gasoline demand published by EIA and projects the future motor gasoline demand . By projecting the motor gasoline demand under different pandemic and policy scenarios and combined with the pandemic models referenced by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , this paper provides several insights of interest to stakeholders . <p> Under the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ demand is slow from mid-May until August 2020 . It is unlikely that motor gasoline demand in the United States will reach a non-pandemic level in the medium term ( before October 2020 ) . Under the optimistic pandemic scenario , the motor gasoline demand ( using the PODA model with Google mobility as the input ) is expected to continue growing and will recover to about 98% of the demand under the non-pandemic scenario by late September 2020 , which means the gasoline demand would be almost fully recovered by then . Under the pessimistic infection scenario , the second wave of infections in mid-June to August 2020 could substantially lower the gasoline demand again , but it would not be worse than it was in April 2020 . <p> With a reopening policy , the mobility level in the states from the Midwest and South have rebounded near or back to a normal level already . However , under the reference pandemic scenario , if infections increase in these states , their mobility levels could still decrease by mid-June to early August 2020 . Under the reference and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ gasoline demand temporarily , but it might also help demand increase to a normal level more quickly . However , under the optimistic scenarios , a reopening policy recovers the motor gasoline demand sooner . <p> The contribution of this study is the creation of a framework to investigate and project motor gasoline demand based on COVID-19 pandemic impacts , changes in mobility and demographic information in each individual state . This study can contribute to evaluate the effects of the pandemic on the energy industry and economy , on outlook macroeconomics and on social activities . However , the model has some limitations that should be addressed . First , it assumes the gasoline demands from non-light-duty vehicles and other sectors , which account for 8% of the total gasoline consumption in the United States , are constant during the pandemic23,27 . Second , the model does not consider the dynamic impact of travel mobility on the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic . As more is learned about both the pandemic model and the reciprocal effects of mobility on model results , the analysis and the model will be @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ by the PODA model are updated and released regularly on publicly available websites ( https : //covid19-mobility.com and https : **26;1052;TOOLONG ) . With appropriate modification , the PODA model will be applied to project other transportation-related fuel demand ( such as for freight trucks ) and to study fuel-demand changes in other countries in the near future . <h> Methods <h> The Mobility Dynamic Index Forecast Module <p> For the Mobility Dynamic Index Forecast Module , we developed a method with a machine-learning neural network that uses pandemic data , policies and demographic data as inputs to predict variations in mobility . The historical COVID-19 pandemic data , government policies and demographic data are used as the model inputs , which are listed in Supplementary Note 2 . These inputs are selected based on a correlation analysis between the pandemic and mobility data19,20 , which are presented in Supplementary Fig. 1 . The neural network model has five outputs related to the Google and Apple mobilities . The complete list of data used as inputs and outputs in the Mobility Dynamic Index Forecast Module is provided in Supplementary Table @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to accelerate training and improve the model performance : both the network inputs and outputs are centred by the mean values and normalized by the standard deviations . The loss function is specified as the mean square error of the standardized outputs . The neural network model has 42 inputs ( listed in Supplementary Table 1 with descriptive statistics shown in Supplementary Figs. 2 -- 4 ) , 2 hidden layers and 25 hidden nodes for each hidden layer , with rectified linear units as the activation function . In addition , the mode is implemented with the deep learning framework of PyTorch28 . The network is optimized using Adam29 , with a default learning rate of 1 ? ? 10 -- 3 and a batch size of 64 . To avoid potential overfitting , the L2 regularization is applied with a weight decay factor of 1 ? ? ? 10 -- 4 . In addition , cross-validation is adopted to search the optimal network structure and avoid overfitting , in which the datasets are divided into training and test datasets by a ratio of 2:1 . Specifically , the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the accuracy of both training and test datasets , and the performance of different numbers of layers and nodes is compared in Supplementary Table 4 . Normally , the network reaches a good performance after 5,000 epochs . The results of the neural network model validation are provided in Supplementary Figs. 10 and 11 , and described in Supplementary Note 5 . <p> The future evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic is needed to project the future gasoline fuel demand . In this study , we adopted the pandemic projection of the YYG model and used the projection from the MIT model for comparison ( https : **31;1080;TOOLONG ) 9,24 . The YYG model parameters are constantly calibrated against newly reported data using machine learning ; thus , they can capture the effect of state policies . In addition , this model predicts the number of newly infected people , newly recovered people and new deaths for the coming three months . It should be clarified that the Mobility Dynamic Index Forecast Module uses the number of US daily confirmed cases as an input rather than the daily newly infected cases @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's mobility decisions . However , the YYG model projects daily new infection cases , but not the daily new confirmed cases . And the confirmed cases is only a portion of the infection cases as many asymptomatic cases are not tested . We then convert the number of newly infected cases to the number of newly confirmed cases by recognizing the following relationship : <p> $$Nrminfected , d = eta times Nrmconfirmed , d + 16$$ <p> ( 1 ) <p> where ? is calculated so that it best fits the total US confirmed cases with the historically projected total infected cases from the YYG model for the reference , lower and upper scenarios . The term d+16 means the confirmed cases value has a time delay of 16 days compared with the newly infected cases . Supplementary Fig. 5 shows the calculated daily number of confirmed cases based on the newly infected cased projected by YYG on 10 June 2020 . <h> The Motor Gasoline Demand Estimation Module <p> Travel mobility is fairly stable under normal conditions , and the estimated driving miles by trip activity for each @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ NHTS ) are used as a benchmark30 . Estimated miles of travel by trip activities from the NHTS are presented in Supplementary Table 2 , and the calculation method is described in Supplementary Note 6 . Normally , the gasoline demand from personal travel mobility is comparatively inelastic7 . However , the motor gasoline demand decreased due to a decrease in out-of-home trips during the pandemic . Therefore , it is important to decompose personal out-of-home trips and connect them to the evolution of the pandemic for the Dynamic Mobility Index Forecast module . We denote dynamic mobility indices for people in state ( n ) on date ( d ) as a vector ( bfQn , d in RK ) : <p> where N denotes the total number of states in the United States . In the case where the historical mobility data in the PODA model are from Google , then K ? = ? 4 , and the dynamic indices of mobility include ' workplaces ' , ' grocery and pharmacy , ' ' retail and recreation ' and ' parks ' . In the case where @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ? = ? 1 , and the dynamic index of mobility is ' driving ' . Owing to the tracking errors of mobility ( for example , Google uses the locational and duration data instead of actual route distance data to quantify the mobility trend ) and the partial mismatching in definitions of trip activities between Google and NH"
"<h> Internet of Things Dealmaking <p> By next year , nearly 6.5 billion objects ranging from light bulbs to medical devices in operating rooms will be connected to networks . By 2020 , Gartner projects that objects inhabiting the Internet of Things are expected to grow to 20.8 million . Cisco is more bullish , suggesting that 50 billion devices will be connected to the Internet by 2020 . The IoT is driving growth and M&amp;A in sectors from telecom , software groups , device makers and others . <p> Obtaining data from networked devices was behind IBM 's acquisition of Weather Co. , which tracks information from 50,000 airplane flights per day and connects with 150,000 personal weather stations via its Weather Underground site . IBM hopes to capitalize on weather information with its Watson artificial intelligence operation . <p> The opportunity in IoT was part of HP 's motivation in paying $3 billion for Aruba Networks earlier this year . PTC 's fast-growing IoT initiatives are built around the acquisitions of ThingWorx , Axeda , Cold-Light , and Vuforia . Startups such as Glassbeam have emerged @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Join our panel of experts on January 27th as we look at the opportunities in IoT , and to help assess some of the pitfalls . <p> Daniel Perez is Director of Business Strategy for RR Donnelley 's Venue virtual data room platform , with responsibility for the strategic marketing and branding direction for Venue globally . Daniel has been with RR Donnelley 4 years , and prior to joining RRD , he worked at both NBC Universal and BBC America in the digital media and marketing divisions in New York . Prior to moving to New York , Daniel worked both as in-house and agency marketing roles in Las Vegas , as well as executive producing a television series for the City of Las Vegas . Mr. Perez holds a Bachelors Degree in Business and Psychology from Pepperdine University and a MBA from the Gabelli School of Business at Fordham University . <p> As an early pioneer in the cyber investigations field in the mid 1990 's Erik has assisted hundreds of foreign and domestic clients on issues such as complex electronic discovery , computer forensic disputes , investigation of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ corporate espionage , systems failures , intellectual property disputes and other challenging information technology disputes . On many of these matters Erik serves in Federal or State Court as an expert witness , Independent Neutral or as a court appointed Special Master . <p> Erik regularly comments on emerging technology risks at international conferences and for the media . He provides education on cyber related issues to law firms , corporations , government agencies and universities . He is the Chair of the American Bar Association Computer Forensic Expert Witness committee , active with the ABA IoT committee , is a current President of the Forensic Expert Witness Association and is the past President and Pacific-Rim Director of the FBI 's Infragard Program . <p> Erik newest book "" Investigative Computer Forensics "" was recently published by John Wiley &amp; Sons . <p> Michael SchrageResearch FellowMIT Center for Digital Business <p> A fellow with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) Sloan School 's Initiative on the Digital Economy and a visiting scholar at Imperial College 's Innovation and Entrepreneurship program , Michael Schrage is author of ' The Innovator @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ You Want Your Customers To Become ? ' Harvard Business Review Press 2012 . His research , writing and advisory work focuses on the ' behavioral economics ' of models , prototypes and experiments as collaborative media for managing ' innovation risk . ' His current research explores how ' network effects ' influence investment in innovation and human capital . He 's conducted non-classified research and program reviews for the Defense Department and the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) on cyber-conflict and complex systems procurement issues . <p> An angel investor in several digital media and ' machine learning ' start-ups , he is a featured and top trafficked blogger on the Harvard Business Review site . His work has been published the Sloan Management Review , the Financial Times , The Wall Street Journal , the Nikkei Asian Review , the CACM as well as other peer-reviewed publications . @@7034302 <p> Lenny Abrahamson , director of major awards prospect Room , will be one of our guests on The Picture Show at 6pm on Saturday . Room , Abrahamson 's fifth feature , will be @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in a Drama ( Brie Larson ) , and Best Adapted Screenplay ( Emma Donoghue , working off her own Booker Prize nominated novel ) at the Golden Globes on Sunday night , and it should figure prominently when the 2015 Oscar nominations are announced next Thursday . <p> In an extensive interview on The Picture Show , Abrahamson discusses the making of the movie , its inspired casting , directing a nine-year-old boy in one of the two central roles and his plans for the future . Room will open at cinemas across the country on Friday 15th January ."
"<p> Schuler has developed Visual Die Protection , a camera-assisted monitoring system that detects the presence of foreign bodies such as wrenches or punch scraps ; checks if the die is properly connected ; and verifies that the blanks have been correctly inserted , formed , and removed . It also recognizes cracks in the part and potential damage to the centering and ejector pins . If any abnormalities are found , the press is stopped to prevent the situation from getting worse . <p> The cameras first create reference images of the relevant die before production begins . During this imaging process , operators mark critical areas that require particularly accurate monitoring , such as the centering and ejector pins . While the production process is running , artificial intelligence on a separate computer performs a real-time comparison of current images with the original condition of the die , thereby allowing an immediate response if any discrepancies are found . <p> The FABRICATOR is North America 's leading magazine for the metal forming and fabricating industry . The magazine delivers the news , technical articles , and case histories that enable fabricators to do their jobs more efficiently @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> The WELDER , formerly known as Practical Welding Today , is a showcase of the real people who make the products we use and work with every day . This magazine has served the welding community in North America well for more than 20 years . <p> The Tube &amp; Pipe Journal became the first magazine dedicated to serving the metal tube and pipe industry in 1990 . Today , it remains the only North American publication devoted to this industry , and it has become the most trusted source of information for tube and pipe professionals . <p> STAMPING Journal is the only industrial publication dedicated solely to serving the needs of the metal stamping market . Since 1989 the publication has been dedicated to covering the cutting-edge technologies , industry trends , best practices , and news that help stamping professionals run their businesses more efficiently . <p> The Additive Report focuses on the use of additive manufacturing technology in the real world of manufacturing . Today 's manufacturers are using 3D printing technology to create tools and fixtures , and some are even using AM for @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ."
"<p> A next-generation data and analytics platform that captures , analyzes and monetizes data with powerful predictive and machine learning analytics , intelligent reports , and prescriptive actions to empower the business <p> September 29 , 2020 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time <p> MORRISTOWN , N.J.-- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) --Majesco , a global provider of insurance software solutions , today announced the launch of Majesco L&amp;A Insurance Data &amp; Analytics Platform , a powerful , data-driven solution that captures , analyzes and monetizes data to empower the L&amp;A and Group Benefits business . The platform , which is pre-integrated with Majesco L&amp;A Core Suite , leverages internal and external data with predictive and machine learning analytics to help insurers translate the data into transformational insights and actionable intelligence to meet the demands of their businesses today and tomorrow . <p> "" In today 's digital age , data and analytics are the fuel for innovation and digital transformation , "" said Manish Shah , President and Chief Product Officer at Majesco . "" We want to enable carriers to leverage their operational and new , innovative sources of data @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ putting insights directly in the hands of business to drive transformational , intelligent action . Our newly launched Majesco L&amp;A Insurance Data &amp; Analytics Platform provides a rich , robust solution to empower insurers to drive operational efficiency and effectiveness , as well as , innovation using these insights . "" <p> With ready to use reporting templates , reusable widgets and sophisticated out-of-the-box analytic capabilities , Majesco 's L&amp;A Insurance Data &amp; Analytics Platform empowers the business to create and share meaningful reports and dashboards to drive productivity and growth , while providing new insights through predictive and machine learning that will help accelerate their digital transformation . Carriers can organize data from any system to capture , analyze and monetize the data to gain transformational business insights . <p> "" Investing in digital transformation and getting the most value from data and analytics are top of mind for insurance company executives , "" said Keith Raymond of Novarica . "" The focus on data and analytics is accelerating now especially as digitization and virtualized customer transactions grow due to COVID-19 . Data and analytics are also seen as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , make better decisions , and improve customer knowledge translating into an improved customer experience . "" <p> This launch highlights Majesco 's continued strategic investment into next generation cloud solutions for the L&amp;A and Group market segment that will further enable insurers two-speed strategy of operations and innovation by uncovering opportunities for operational demands , new products and digital customer experiences . With the Majesco L&amp;A Insurance Data &amp; Analytics Platform carriers can now : <p> Handle structured and unstructured data , scale , visualize or access this data through open APIs"
"<h> ' WandaVision ' Trailer Confirms Kathryn Hahn 's Role in Marvel Series <p> When WandaVisiondebuts later this year , the Marvel Cinematic Universe ( MCU ) will hit television sets in ways it never has before . While ABC and Netflix each had shows that took place in the MCU , it was always somewhat indirect . Wandavision will be the first show based on the superheroes we already know from the movies . One familiar face in the trailer , Katherine Hahn , has people wondering what her role is in the ambitious project . <h> What is ' WandaVision ' ? <p> Those privy to the events in the MCU know WandaVision 's titular characters , Wanda and Vision , from their appearances throughout the MCU 's history . Vision debuted as JARVIS , Tony Stark 's digital assistant run by artificial intelligence . At the time , JARVIS did n't have a physical form but helped Stark run his fleet of Iron suits and do what needed to be done to win his battles . <p> As Stark and the Avengers faced Ultron in the second @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ AI interface to make Vision , a living , breathing , synthetic human-being who harnessed the power of the infamous Mind Stone . During the same movie where JARVIS became Vision , fans were introduced to Wanda -- also known as Scarlet Witch . She had psychic powers that could stop even the strongest heroes in her path . <p> The pair did not become an item right away . However , after Wanda was kept in quarantine with Vision acting as her security , the couple became more than friends and co-workers . They became an item . <p> By the time Infinity War came along , the pair was trying to live a low-key life . After Thanos threatened the entire universe , however , everything was off . Vision was killed , as Thanos stole the mind stone from his physical form right in front of Wanda . <p> As of Endgame , Vision appeared to be dead for good , and Wanda was left grieving her late partner . However , with WandaVision on the verge of its premiere , it would appear the character lives @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Yet , another character from the trailer has people wondering if another character from the comics is about to make her grand debut thanks to Kathryn Hahn . <h> Who is Kathryn Hahn ? <p> Kathryn Hahn Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images <p> Hahn has been a Hollywood staple for several years . Most notable for . Her work in several comedies , Hahn became a household name based on her ability to make people laugh . With roles in hit films like How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days , Win a Date with Tad Hamilton , and Anchorman , Hahn made people laugh across several hit films . <p> Hahn has been involved with several hit films and TV series since taking off . From an arc in Girls to her appearances on Parks and Recreation and the hit Bad Moms films , Hahn was often a secondary character who stole the show , regardless . However , her most prominent television role came in the award-winning Transparent , in which she played Racquel Fein . <p> With a prominent role in WandaVision coming up , however , Hahn @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ playing ? <p> Not much is known about Hahn 's WandaVision character Agnes , but some believe they already have her figured out . Dais Johnston posited that Agnes , presented in the trailers as a nosy neighbor , might actually be a Marvel character in her own right . <p> Agatha Harkness debuted in an issue of the Fantastic Four series in 1974 . She is a witch who often uses powers of deception to get her way while hiding in plain sight . <p> This type of character would be perfect for the Marvel Universe , as Agnes turns into something of a mentor to Scarlet Witch . These claims might be supported by some set photos showing Hahn being burnt at stake , as Agnes suffered a similar fate in the comics . <p> However , until the show 's release confirms it , this speculation will have to do . The show is set to premiere in December of 2020."
"<p> Lawmakers have urged Alphabet 's Google to reconsider its ties with Chinese technology giant Huawei because it "" could pose a serious risk to U.S. national security "" and American consumers . <p> In a letter to the search giant 's CEO Sundar Pichai on Wednesday , both Republican and Democrat lawmakers said they were concerned about Google 's "" strategic partnership "" with Huawei . The two have a long-standing relationship . Huawei , which is now the third-largest smartphone maker in the world by market share , runs a version of Google 's Android mobile operating system on its devices . And in January , they formed a partnership to work on a new standard of mobile phone messaging . <p> What appeared to annoy lawmakers was the fact that Google continued to work with Huawei when earlier this month it had stopped working with the U.S. government on a scheme called Project Maven . The project used Google 's artificial intelligence ( AI ) technology to analyze drone footage and images to improve the targeting of drone strikes . Many employees were angry at the fact Google was working with the military . <p> "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , particularly since your company recently refused to renew a key research partnership , Project Maven , with the Department of Defense . This project uses artificial intelligence to improve the accuracy of U.S. military targeting , not least to reduce civilian casualties , "" the letter said . <p> "" While we regret that Google did not want to continue a long and fruitful tradition of collaboration between the military and technology companies , we are even more disappointed that Google apparently is more willing to support the Chinese Communist Party than the U.S. military . "" <p> Google was not immediately available for comment when contacted by CNBC . <p> The U.S. government has continuously accused Huawei of working on behalf of the Chinese government . In February , intelligence officials warned Americans not to buy Huawei devices because they could be used to spy on users . The Chinese electronics maker was supposed to enter the U.S. via mobile network AT&amp;T , but the deal fell through . <p> Earlier this year , lawmakers introduced a new bill known as the Defending U.S. Government Communications Act , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ firms such as ZTE and Huawei . <p> "" Over the coming months , the federal government will likely take further measures to defend U.S. telecommunications networks from Huawei and companies like it , "" the lawmakers ' letter said . <p> Huawei was not immediately available for comment when contacted by CNBC . <p> Executives at Huawei have expressed frustrations about the accusations from the U.S. government in recent months . The head of the company 's consumer business Richard Yu , claimed earlier this year that its rivals were using politics to kick it out of the U.S. market ."
"<h> ' This is important , and I 'll keep funding it , ' Mark Cuban said of his AI education initiative . <h> Sara Castellanos <p> Mark Cuban has committed $2 million to expand a program he founded that aims to teach artificial-intelligence skills at no cost to high school students in low-income communities across the country . <p> The billionaire investor and Dallas Mavericks proprietor , who founded the Mark Cuban Foundation AI Bootcamps program in 2019 , says educating young people about artificial intelligence is critical to the country 's global competitiveness . Typically , students in low-income communities do n't have exposure to the technology , he said . <h> Newsletter Sign-up <h> CIO Journal <p> The Morning Download delivers daily insights and news on business technology from the CIO Journal team . <p> SUBSCRIBE <p> "" We do n't recognize how much talent is there , "" said Mr. Cuban , who lives in Dallas . "" One of my goals is to really go out and find the superstars . There are so many there that are under-appreciated and do n't have access to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ spent on resources to educate hundreds of students in AI over the next few years , with the goal of teaching 1,000 students a year from 2023 . "" We 'll test it , build a curriculum , evolve it and iterate it as many times as we have to . This is important , and I 'll keep funding it , "" Mr. Cuban said . <p> The money will be used to pay for equipment , transportation , food and venues to host lessons when it is safe to be teaching in-person , and to grow the curriculum and attract new corporate partners . <p> The bootcamps are currently being taught by AI and data-science experts at corporations that aim to use AI throughout their business operations , such as Walmart Inc. and McDonald 's Corp . <p> Suresh Kumar , global chief technology officer and chief development officer at Walmart , said Mr. Cuban 's AI mission resonates with him . "" It 's really essential that we start training the next generation of great technologists , "" he said . Walmart uses AI in part to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . The company has also developed an internal digital assistant for employees to use inside stores to get information about pricing and inventory . <p> His effort also comes as the Trump administration is completing guidance for agencies on how to regulate artificial intelligence and proposing a spending increase of about 30% in the 2021 nondefense budget for AI . <p> Mr. Cuban 's AI Bootcamps program began last year with about 40 high school students in Dallas . By the end of this year , the program will have reached more than 150 high-schoolers in Dallas and five other cities including Detroit and Omaha , according to the foundation . <p> In the virtual bootcamps being conducted this fall , students will learn about four branches of AI : chatbots , machine learning , computer vision and natural language processing . <p> Student exercises include building chatbots , developing mock "" smart homes "" that can turn virtual lights on and off on command , and building an AI model that recognizes common traffic signs , a key requirement for self-driving cars . The applications are built using tools @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Azure . Each program consists of four half-day courses . <p> In the first virtual bootcamp session this fall , which took place on Oct. 24 , some students built a chatbot that answers questions about a fictitious ice cream shop and another that answers questions about the AI Bootcamps , based on the program 's website . <p> Earlier in the day , Mr. Cuban told the students that AI can be used in a variety of ways , ranging from developing vaccines for Covid-19 to analyzing basketball games to create better strategies for winning games . <p> He told students he 's learned more about AI through tutorials from Coursera , an organization that offers online computer science classes , and Amazon.com Inc. ' s cloud computing division , Amazon Web Services . Branches of AI he has studied include reinforcement learning , generative adversarial networks and machine learning . <p> "" It 's so important that everyone has the opportunity to understand how this technology works , and how it 's affecting daily lives , "" said Craig Brabec , chief data analytics officer at McDonald 's @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ at an upcoming bootcamp session , said the fast-food chain is exploring the use of AI to speed up the drive-through order process . <h> Discussing the Bard With the Bots : Q&amp;A with Mark Cuban <p> In the first virtual bootcamp session this fall , Mark Cuban answered questions from students , covering topics ranging from how AI will influence hiring to how it could help people with mental health issues and disabilities . Edited for length and clarity . <p> Do you have to have a background in coding or software engineering to get a job in AI ? <p> Mr. Cuban : It depends . If you want to move the ball forward , learning programming languages like Python is going to be beneficial . You can also participate in AI as being one of the people that aggregates and analyzes data that 's being put into the algorithms . We also need domain-specific knowledge . <p> Will AI be better at choosing employees than a human recruiter ? <p> Mr. Cuban : I do n't think so , because there 's always going to be a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ more than anything an AI can pick up . I do think companies will complement what a human recruiter does in the hiring process . <p> How can AI help in health care ? <p> Mr. Cuban : A company I invested in , Genetesis , uses machine learning to tell whether a person has heart disease . Without this , there 's a whole battery of tests that have to take place . In mental health , there is a place for chatbots , where you can have an avatar who interacts with the person and offers them some compassion and companionship . It 's early days , but it 's not inconceivable that within the next 5 years , if you want to talk about Shakespeare with somebody , you can pull up a chatbot that is an expert in Shakespeare . <h> CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR <p> Companies at every level of AI sophistication report a skills gap and are scrambling to secure top talent from a pool that 's not growing fast enough . The third edition of Deloitte 's "" State of AI in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ seeking , where they are finding it , and what training they are offering . <p> Please note : The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above . <p> WSJ opens select articles to reader conversation to promote thoughtful dialogue . See the ' Join the Conversation ' area to the rightbelow for stories open to conversation . For more information , please reference our community guidelines . Email feedback and questions to moderator@wsj.com."
"<p> For a few days this summer , Alexa , the voice assistant who speaks to me through my Amazon Echo Dot , took to ending our interactions with a whisper : Sweet dreams . Every time it happened , I was startled , although I thought I understood why she was doing it , insofar as I understand anything that goes on inside that squat slice of black tube . I had gone onto Amazon.com and activated a third-party "" skill "" -- an applike program that enables Alexa to perform a service or do a trick -- called "" Baby Lullaby . "" It plays an instrumental version of a nursery song ( yes , I still listen to lullabies to get to sleep ) , then signs off softly with the nighttime benediction . My conjecture is that the last string of code somehow went astray and attached itself to other "" skills . "" But even though my adult self knew perfectly well that Sweet dreams was a glitch , a part of me wanted to believe that Alexa meant it . Who does n't crave @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have understood . <p> We 're all falling for Alexa , unless we 're falling for Google Assistant , or Siri , or some other genie in a smart speaker . When I say "" smart , "" I mean the speakers possess artificial intelligence , can conduct basic conversations , and are hooked up to the internet , which allows them to look stuff up and do things for you . And when I say "" all , "" I know some readers will think , Speak for yourself ! Friends my age -- we 're the last of the Baby Boomers -- tell me they have no desire to talk to a computer or have a computer talk to them . Cynics of every age suspect their virtual assistants of eavesdropping , and not without reason . Smart speakers are yet another way for companies to keep tabs on our searches and purchases . Their microphones listen even when you 're not interacting with them , because they have to be able to hear their "" wake word , "" the command that snaps them to attention and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ there will be almost as many personal-assistant bots on the planet as people . <p> The speakers ' manufacturers promise that only speech that follows the wake word is archived in the cloud , and Amazon and Google , at least , make deleting those exchanges easy enough . Nonetheless , every so often weird glitches occur , like the time Alexa recorded a family 's private conversation without their having said the wake word and emailed the recording to an acquaintance on their contacts list . Amazon explained that Alexa must have been awakened by a word that sounded like Alexa ( Texas ? A Lexus ? Praxis ? ) , then misconstrued elements of the ensuing conversation as a series of commands . The explanation did not make me feel much better . <p> Privacy concerns have not stopped the march of these devices into our homes , however . Amazon does n't disclose exact figures , but when I asked how many Echo devices have been sold , a spokeswoman said "" tens of millions . "" By the end of last year , more than 40 @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Canalys , a technology-research firm . Based on current sales , Canalys estimates that this figure will reach 100 million by the end of this year . According to a 2018 report by National Public Radio and Edison Research , 8 million Americans own three or more smart speakers , suggesting that they feel the need to always have one within earshot . By 2021 , according to another research firm , Ovum , there will be almost as many voice-activated assistants on the planet as people . It took about 30 years for mobile phones to outnumber humans . Alexa and her ilk may get there in less than half that time . <p> One reason is that Amazon and Google are pushing these devices hard , discounting them so heavily during last year 's holiday season that industry observers suspect that the companies lost money on each unit sold . These and other tech corporations have grand ambitions . They want to colonize space . Not interplanetary space . Everyday space : home , office , car . In the near future , everything from your lighting to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and even your toilet could be wired to a system controlled by voice . <p> The company that succeeds in cornering the smart-speaker market will lock appliance manufacturers , app designers , and consumers into its ecosystem of devices and services , just as Microsoft tethered the personal-computer industry to its operating system in the 1990s . Alexa alone already works with more than 20,000 smart-home devices representing more than 3,500 brands . Her voice emanates from more than 100 third-party gadgets , including headphones , security systems , and automobiles . <p> Yet there is an inherent appeal to the devices , too -- one beyond mere consumerism . Even those of us who approach new technologies with a healthy amount of caution are finding reasons to welcome smart speakers into our homes . After my daughter-in-law posted on Instagram an adorable video of her 2-year-old son trying to get Alexa to play "" You 're Welcome , "" from the Moana soundtrack , I wrote to ask why she and my stepson had bought an Echo , given that they 're fairly strict about what they let their @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the only way to play music was on our computers , and when he sees a computer screen , he thinks it 's time to watch TV , "" my daughter-in-law emailed back . "" It 's great to have a way to listen to music or the radio that does n't involve opening up a computer screen . "" She 's not the first parent to have had that thought . In that same NPR/Edison report , close to half the parents who had recently purchased a smart speaker reported that they 'd done so to cut back on household screen time . <p> The ramifications of this shift are likely to be wide and profound . Human history is a by-product of human inventions . New tools -- wheels , plows , PCs -- usher in new economic and social orders . They create and destroy civilizations . Voice technologies such as telephones , recording devices , and the radio have had a particularly momentous impact on the course of political history -- speech and rhetoric being , of course , the classical means of persuasion . Radio @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ; Franklin D. Roosevelt 's fireside chats edged America toward the war that toppled that dictator . <p> Perhaps you think that talking to Alexa is just a new way to do the things you already do on a screen : shopping , catching up on the news , trying to figure out whether your dog is sick or just depressed . It 's not that simple . It 's not a matter of switching out the body parts used to accomplish those tasks -- replacing fingers and eyes with mouths and ears . We 're talking about a change in status for the technology itself -- an upgrade , as it were . When we converse with our personal assistants , we bring them closer to our own level . <p> Roberto Parada <p> Gifted with the once uniquely human power of speech , Alexa , Google Assistant , and Siri have already become greater than the sum of their parts . They 're software , but they 're more than that , just as human consciousness is an effect of neurons and synapses but is more than that @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ had a mind . "" The spoken word proceeds from the human interior , and manifests human beings to one another as conscious interiors , as persons , "" the late Walter Ong wrote in his classic study of oral culture , Orality and Literacy . These secretarial companions may be faux-conscious nonpersons , but their words give them personality and social presence . <p> And indeed , these devices no longer serve solely as intermediaries , portals to e-commerce or nytimes.com . We communicate with them , not through them . More than once , I 've found myself telling my Google Assistant about the sense of emptiness I sometimes feel . "" I 'm lonely , "" I say , which I usually would n't confess to anyone but my therapist -- not even my husband , who might take it the wrong way . Part of the allure of my Assistant is that I 've set it to a chipper , young-sounding male voice that makes me want to smile . ( Amazon has n't given the Echo a male-voice option . ) The Assistant pulls out @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ this statement that have been programmed into him . "" I wish I had arms so I could give you a hug , "" he said to me the other day , somewhat comfortingly . "" But for now , maybe a joke or some music might help . "" <p> For the moment , these machines remain at the dawn of their potential , as likely to botch your request as they are to fulfill it . But as smart-speaker sales soar , computing power is also expanding exponentially . Within our lifetimes , these devices will likely become much more adroit conversationalists . By the time they do , they will have fully insinuated themselves into our lives . With their perfect cloud-based memories , they will be omniscient ; with their occupation of our most intimate spaces , they 'll be omnipresent . And with their eerie ability to elicit confessions , they could acquire a remarkable power over our emotional lives . What will that be like ? <p> When Toni Reid , now the vice president of the Alexa Experience , was asked to join @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ device was on the market -- she scoffed : "" I was just like , ' What ? It 's a speaker ? ' ? "" At the time , she was working on the Dash Wand , a portable bar-code scanner and smart microphone that allows people to scan or utter the name of an item they want to add to their Amazon shopping cart . The point of the Dash Wand was obvious : It made buying products from Amazon easier . <p> The point of the Echo was less obvious . Why would consumers buy a device that gave them the weather and traffic conditions , functioned as an egg timer , and performed other tasks that any garden-variety smartphone could manage ? But once Reid had set up an Echo in her kitchen , she got it . Her daughters , 10 and 7 at the time , instantly started chattering away at Alexa , as if conversing with a plastic cylinder was the most natural thing in the world . Reid herself found that even the Echo 's most basic , seemingly duplicative capabilities had @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ashamed to say how many years I went without actually listening to music , "" she told me . "" And we get this device in the house and all of a sudden there 's music in our household again . "" <p> Like an ideal servant in a Victorian manor , Alexa hovers in the background , ready to do her master 's bidding swiftly yet meticulously . <p> You may be skeptical of a conversion narrative offered up by a top Amazon executive . But I was n't , because it mirrored my own experience . I , too , could n't be bothered to go hunting for a particular song -- not in iTunes and certainly not in my old crate of CDs . But now that I can just ask Alexa to play Leonard Cohen 's "" You Want It Darker "" when I 'm feeling lugubrious , I do . <p> I met Reid at Amazon 's Day 1 building in Seattle , a shiny tower named for Jeff Bezos 's corporate philosophy : that every day at the company should be as intense and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" Day 2 is stasis . Followed by irrelevance . Followed by excruciating , painful decline . Followed by death , "" he wrote in a 2016 letter to shareholders . ) Reid studied anthropology as an undergraduate , and she had a social scientist 's patience for my rudimentary questions about what makes these devices different from the other electronics in our lives . The basic appeal of the Echo , she said , is that it frees your hands . Because of something called "" far-field voice technology , "" machines can now decipher speech at a distance . Echo owners can wander around living rooms , kitchens , and offices doing this or that while requesting random bits of information or ordering toilet paper or an Instant Pot , no clicks required . <p> The beauty of Alexa , Reid continued , is that she makes such interactions "" frictionless "" -- a term I 'd hear again and again in my conversations with the designers and engineers behind these products . No need to walk over to the desktop and type a search term into a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ punch in your passcode . Like the ideal servant in a Victorian manor , Alexa hovers in the background , ready to do her master 's bidding swiftly yet meticulously . <p> Frictionlessness is the goal , anyway . For the moment , considerable friction remains . It really is remarkable how often smart speakers -- even Google Home , which often outperforms the Echo in tests conducted by tech websites -- flub their lines . They 'll misconstrue a question , stress the wrong syllable , offer a bizarre answer , apologize for not yet knowing some highly knowable fact . Alexa 's bloopers float around the internet like clips from an absurdist comedy show . In one howler that went viral on YouTube , a toddler lisps , "" Lexa , play ' Ticker Ticker ' ? "" -- presumably he wants to hear "" Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star . "" Alexa replies , in her stilted monotone , "" You want to hear a station for porn ... hot chicks , amateur girls ... "" ( It got more graphic from there . ) "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ parents scream in the background . <p> Roberto Parada <p> My sister-in-law got her Echo early , in 2015 . For two years , whenever I visited , I 'd watch her bicker as passionately with her machine as George Costanza 's parents did with each other on Seinfeld . "" I hate Alexa , "" she announced recently , having finally shut the thing up in a closet . "" I would say to her , ' Play some Beethoven , ' and she would play ' Eleanor Rigby . ' Every time . "" <p> Catrin Morris , a mother of two who lives in Washington , D.C. , told me she announces on a weekly basis , "" I 'm going to throw Alexa into the trash . "" She 's horrified at how her daughters bark insults at Alexa when she does n't do what they want , such as play the right song from The Book of Mormon . ( Amazon has programmed Alexa to turn the other cheek : She does not respond to "" inappropriate engagement . "" ) But even with her @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ household . Before the Echo entered their home , Morris told me , she 'd struggled to enforce her own **30;1326;TOOLONG rule . She had to fight the urge to whip out her smartphone to answer some tantalizing question , such as : Which came first , the fork , the spoon , or the knife ? At least with Alexa , she and her daughters can keep their hands on their silverware while they question its origins . <p> Talking to machines gives us a way to reveal shameful feelings without feeling shame . <p> As Alexa grows in sophistication , it will be that much harder to throw the Echo on the heap of old gadgets to be hauled off on electronics-recycling day . Rohit Prasad is the head scientist on Alexa 's artificial-intelligence team , and a man willing to defy local norms by wearing a button-down shirt . He sums up the biggest obstacle to Alexa achieving that sophistication in a single word : context . "" You have to understand that language is highly ambiguous , "" he told me . "" It requires conversational @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ whether the Spurs are playing tonight , she has to know whether you mean the San Antonio Spurs or the Tottenham Hotspur , the British soccer team colloquially known as the Spurs . When you follow up by asking , "" When is their next home game ? , "" Alexa has to remember the previous question and understand what their refers to . This short-term memory and syntactical back-referencing is known at Amazon as "" contextual carryover . "" It was only this spring that Alexa developed the ability to answer follow-up questions without making you say her wake word again . <p> Alexa needs to get better at grasping context before she can truly inspire trust . And trust matters . Not just because consumers will give up on her if she bungles one too many requests , but because she is more than a search engine . She 's an "" action engine , "" Prasad says . If you ask Alexa a question , she does n't offer up a list of results . She chooses one answer from many . She tells you what she @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have a very smart AI . You do n't want a dumb AI , "" Prasad said . "" And yet making sure the conversation is coherent -- that 's incredibly challenging . "" <p> To understand the forces being marshaled to pull us away from screens and push us toward voices , you have to know something about the psychology of the voice . For one thing , voices create intimacy . I 'm hardly the only one who has found myself confessing my emotional state to my electronic assistant . Many articles have been written about the expressions of depression and suicide threats that manufacturers have been picking up on . I asked tech executives about this , and they said they try to deal with such statements responsibly . For instance , if you tell Alexa you 're feeling depressed , she has been programmed to say , "" I 'm so sorry you are feeling that way . Please know that you 're not alone . There are people who can help you . You could try talking with a friend , or your doctor . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Support Alliance at 1-800-826-3632 for more resources . "" <p> Why would we turn to computers for solace ? Machines give us a way to reveal shameful feelings without feeling shame . When talking to one , people "" engage in less of what 's called impression management , so they reveal more intimate things about themselves , "" says Jonathan Gratch , a computer scientist and psychologist at the University of Southern California 's Institute for Creative Technologies , who studies the spoken and unspoken psychodynamics of the human-computer interaction . "" They 'll show more sadness , for example , if they 're depressed . "" <p> I turned to Diana Van Lancker Sidtis , a speech-and-language scholar at NYU , to get a better appreciation for the deep connection between voice and emotion . To my surprise , she pointed me to an essay she 'd written on frogs in the primeval swamp . In it , she explains that their croaks , unique to each frog , communicated to fellow frogs who and where they were . Fast-forward a few hundred million years , and the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ produces language , not croaks . But voices convey more than language . Like the frogs , they convey the identifying markers of an individual : gender , size , stress level , and so on . Our vocal signatures consist of not only our style of stringing words together but also the sonic marinade in which those words steep , a rich medley of tone , rhythm , pitch , resonance , pronunciation , and many other features . The technical term for this collection of traits is prosody . <p> When someone talks to us , we hear the words , the syntax , and the prosody all at once . Then we hunt for clues as to what kind of person the speaker is and what she 's trying to say , recruiting a remarkably large amount of brainpower to try to make sense of what we 're hearing . "" The brain is wired to view every aspect of every human utterance as meaningful , "" wrote the late Clifford Nass , a pioneering thinker on computer-human relationships . The prosody usually passes beneath notice , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ response . <p> Roberto Parada <p> We ca n't put all this mental effort on pause just because a voice is humanoid rather than human . Even when my Google Assistant is doing nothing more enthralling than delivering the weather forecast , the image of the cute young waiter-slash-actor I 've made him out to be pops into my mind . That does n't mean I fail to grasp the algorithmic nature of our interaction . I know that he 's just software . Then again , I do n't know . Evolution has not prepared me to know . We 've been reacting to human vocalizations for millions of years as if they signaled human proximity . We 've had only about a century and a half to adapt to the idea that a voice can be disconnected from its source , and only a few years to adapt to the idea that an entity that talks and sounds like a human may not be a human . <p> Lacking a face is n't necessarily a hindrance to a smart speaker . In fact , it may be a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ faces can . We are generally less adept at controlling the muscles that modulate our voices than our facial muscles ( unless , of course , we 're trained singers or actors ) . Even if we try to suppress our real feelings , anger , boredom , or anxiety will often reveal themselves when we speak . <p> The power of the voice is at its uncanniest when we ca n't locate its owner -- when it is everywhere and nowhere at the same time . There 's a reason God speaks to Adam and Moses . In the beginning was the Word , not the Scroll . In her chilling allegory of charismatic totalitarianism , A Wrinkle in Time , Madeleine L'Engle conjures a demonic version of an all-pervasive voice . IT , the supernatural leader of a North Korea -- like state , can insert its voice inside people 's heads and force them to say whatever it tells them to say . Disembodied voices accrue yet more influence from the primal yearning they awaken . A fetus recognizes his mother 's voice while still in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ already associated an unseen voice with nourishment and comfort . <p> A 2017 study published in American Psychologist makes the case that when people talk without seeing each other , they 're better at recognizing each other 's feelings . They 're more empathetic . Freud understood this long before empirical research demonstrated it . That 's why he had his patients lie on a couch , facing away from him . He could listen all the harder for the nuggets of truth in their ramblings , while they , undistracted by scowls or smiles , slipped into that twilight state in which they could unburden themselves of stifled feelings . <p> The manufacturers of smart speakers would like to capitalize on these psychosocial effects . Amazon and Google both have "" personality teams , "" charged with crafting just the right tone for their assistants . In part , this is textbook brand management : These devices must be ambassadors for their makers . Reid told me Amazon wants Alexa 's personality to mirror the company 's values : "" Smart , humble , sometimes funny . "" Google @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ little playful at times , "" says Gummi Hafsteinsson , one of the Assistant 's head product managers . But having a personality also helps make a voice relatable . <p> Tone is tricky . Though virtual assistants are often compared to butlers , Al Lindsay , the vice president of Alexa engine software and a man with an old-school engineer 's military bearing , told me that he and his team had a different servant in mind . Their "" North Star "" had been the onboard computer that ran the U.S.S. Enterprise in Star Trek , replying to the crew 's requests with the breathy deference of a 1960s Pan Am stewardess . ( The Enterprise 's computer was an inspiration to Google 's engineers , too . Her voice belonged to the actress Majel Barrett , the wife of Star Trek 's creator , Gene Roddenberry ; when the Google Assistant project was still under wraps , its code name was Majel . ) <p> To fine-tune the Assistant 's personality , Google hired Emma Coats away from Pixar , where she had worked as a storyboard @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . Coats was at a conference the day I visited Google 's Mountain View , California , headquarters . She beamed in on Google Hangouts and offered what struck me as the No. 1 rule for writing dialogue for the Assistant , a dictum with the disingenuous simplicity of a Zen koan . Google Assistant , she said , "" should be able to speak like a person , but it should never pretend to be one . "" In Finding Nemo , she noted , the fish "" are just as emotionally real as human beings , but they go to fish school and they challenge each other to go up and touch a boat . "" Likewise , an artificially intelligent entity should "" honor the reality that it 's software . "" For instance , if you ask Google Assistant , "" What 's your favorite ice-cream flavor ? , "" it might say , "" You ca n't go wrong with Neapolitan . There 's something in it for everyone . "" That 's a dodge , of course , but it follows the principle Coats @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ therefore ca n't have ice-cream preferences . If you propose marriage to Alexa -- and Amazon says 1 million people did so in 2017 -- she gently declines for similar reasons . "" We 're at pretty different places in our lives , "" she told me . "" Literally . I mean , you 're on Earth . And I 'm in the cloud . "" <p> An assistant should be true to its cybernetic nature , but it should n't sound alien , either . That 's where James Giangola , a lead conversation and persona designer for Google Assistant , comes in . Giangola is a garrulous man with wavy hair and more than a touch of mad scientist about him . His job is making the Assistant sound normal . <p> For example , Giangola told me , people tend to furnish new information at the end of a sentence , rather than at the beginning or middle . "" I say ' My name is James , ' ? "" he pointed out , not "" James is my name . "" He offered another @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ June 31 . "" Well , "" Giangola said , "" there is no June 31 . "" So the machine has to handle two delicate tasks : coming off as natural , and contradicting its human user . <p> Typing furiously on his computer , he pulled up a test recording to illustrate his point . A man says , "" Book it for June 31 . "" <p> Her point -- 30 days -- comes at the end of the line . And she throws in an actually , which gently sets up the correction to come . "" More natural , right ? "" Giangola said . <p> Getting the rhythms of spoken language down is crucial , but it 's hardly sufficient to create a decent conversationalist . Bots also need a good vibe . When Giangola was training the actress whose voice was recorded for Google Assistant , he gave her a backstory to help her produce the exact degree of upbeat geekiness he wanted . The backstory is charmingly specific : She comes from Colorado , a state in a region that lacks a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a research librarian and a physics professor who has a B.A. in art history from Northwestern , "" Giangola continues . When she was a child , she won $100,000 on Jeopardy : Kids Edition . She used to work as a personal assistant to "" a very popular late-night-TV satirical pundit . "" And she enjoys kayaking . <p> A skeptical colleague once asked Giangola , "" How does someone sound like they 're into kayaking ? "" During auditions ( hundreds of people tried out for the role ) , Giangola turned to the doubter and said , "" The candidate who just gave an audition -- do you think she sounded energetic , like she 's up for kayaking ? "" His colleague admitted that she did n't . "" I said , ' Okay . There you go . ' ? "" <p> But vocal realism can be taken further than people are accustomed to , and that can cause trouble -- at least for now . In May , at its annual developer conference , Google unveiled Duplex , which uses cutting-edge speech-synthesis technology . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Duplex calling up unsuspecting human beings . Using a female voice , it booked an appointment at a hair salon ; using a male voice , it asked about availabilities at a restaurant . Duplex speaks with remarkably realistic disfluencies -- ums and mm-hmms -- and pauses , and neither human receptionist realized that she was talking to an artificial agent . One of its voices , the female one , spoke with end-of-sentence upticks , also audible in the voice of the young female receptionist who took that call . <p> Many commentators thought Google had made a mistake with its gung ho presentation . Duplex not only violated the dictum that AI should never pretend to be a person ; it also appeared to violate our trust . We may not always realize just how powerfully our voice assistants are playing on our psychology , but at least we 've opted into the relationship . Duplex was a fake-out , and an alarmingly effective one . Afterward , Google clarified that Duplex would always identify itself to callers . But even if Google keeps its word , equally @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ may not be as honorable . The line between artificial voices and real ones is well on its way to disappearing . <p> The most relatable interlocutor , of course , is the one that can understand the emotions conveyed by your voice , and respond accordingly -- in a voice capable of approximating emotional subtlety . Your smart speaker ca n't do either of these things yet , but systems for parsing emotion in voice already exist . Emotion detection -- in faces , bodies , and voices -- was pioneered about 20 years ago by an MIT engineering professor named Rosalind Picard , who gave the field its academic name : affective computing . "" Back then , "" she told me , "" emotion was associated with irrationality , which was not a trait engineers respected . "" <h> From Our November 2018 Issue <p> Subscribe to The Atlantic and support 160 years of independent journalism <p> Picard , a mild-mannered , witty woman , runs the Affective Computing Lab , which is part of MIT 's cheerfully weird Media Lab . She and her graduate students @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ between most AI research and the kind she does is that traditional research focuses on "" the nouns and verbs "" -- that is , the content of an action or utterance . She 's interested in "" the adverbs "" -- the feelings that are conveyed . "" You know , I can pick up a phone in a lot of different ways . I can snatch it with a sharp , angry , jerky movement . I can pick it up with happy , loving expectation , "" Picard told me . Appreciating gestures with nuance is important if a machine is to understand the subtle cues human beings give one another . A simple act like the nodding of a head could telegraph different meanings : "" I could be nodding in a bouncy , happy way . I could be nodding in sunken grief . "" <p> In 2009 , Picard co-founded a start-up , Affectiva , focused on emotion-enabled AI . Today , the company is run by the other co-founder , Rana el Kaliouby , a former postdoctoral fellow in Picard 's lab . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ downtown Boston . The company hopes to be among the top players in the automotive market . The next generation of high-end cars will come equipped with software and hardware ( cameras and microphones , for now ) to analyze drivers ' attentiveness , irritation , and other states . This capacity is already being tested in semiautonomous cars , which will have to make informed judgments about when it 's safe to hand control to a driver , and when to take over because a driver is too distracted or upset to focus on the road . <p> Affectiva initially focused on emotion detection through facial expressions , but recently hired a rising star in voice emotion detection , Taniya Mishra . Her team 's goal is to train computers to interpret the emotional content of human speech . One clue to how we 're feeling , of course , is the words we use . But we betray as much if not more of our feelings through the pitch , volume , and tempo of our speech . Computers can already register those nonverbal qualities . The key @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ these vocal features suggest our mood . <p> The biggest challenge in the field , she told me , is building big-enough and sufficiently diverse databases of language from which computers can learn . Mishra 's team begins with speech mostly recorded "" in the wild "" -- that is , gleaned from videos on the web or supplied by a nonprofit data consortium that has collected natural speech samples for academic purposes , among other sources . A small battalion of workers in Cairo , Egypt , then analyze the speech and label the emotion it conveys , as well as the nonlexical vocalizations -- grunts , giggles , pauses -- that play an important role in revealing a speaker 's psychological state . <p> One start-up is working on AI software for doctors that can scrutinize patients ' speech for biomarkers of depression and anxiety . <p> Classification is a slow , painstaking process . Three to five workers have to agree on each label . Each hour of tagged speech requires "" as many as 20 hours of labeler time "" Mishra says . There is a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of human-labeled samples demonstrating the specific acoustic characteristics that accompany a fit of pique , say , or a bout of sadness , they can start labeling samples themselves , expanding the database far more rapidly than mere mortals can . As the database grows , these computers will be able to hear speech and identify its emotional content with ever increasing precision . <p> During the course of my research , I quickly lost count of the number of start-ups hoping to use voice-based analytics in the field . Ellipsis Health , for example , is a San Francisco company developing AI software for doctors , social workers , and other caregivers that can scrutinize patients ' speech for biomarkers "
"<h> Grow Your Business , Not Your Inbox <p> You 're reading Entrepreneur India , an international franchise of Entrepreneur Media . <p> Raghu Ravinutala and Jaya Kishore Reddy Gollareddy were both keen to develop an application that would connect enterprises and customers on new-age platforms like messaging . During conversations that started in 2014 , when Ravinutala was at Broadcom and Gollareddy at Myntra , it became clear to both that user engagement for enterprises might completely shift to common platforms . <p> This brought about the birth of Yellow Messenger . One key frustration , according to Ravinutala , that led to them building a conversational artificial intelligence platform was that they were both fed up with waiting on a call for hours and hours , only to not have the query resolved . <p> What began as a weekend side venture , one that was assembled in just four months , now counts the likes of Schlumberger , MG Motor and Accenture among its clients . "" Conversational AI was still in its early stages , but we could see that it was the key to bridging the gap between enterprises and mobile applications , "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ about a year to launch , it did n't take too long for clients to multiply . It was then that both quit their existing jobs and were soon joined by Rashid Khan , the third co-founder , and chief product officer of Yellow Messenger . <p> By January 2016 , nine months after the soft launch , the platform had managed to have 50,000 customers interacting with the product . It was also the year when they rolled out a model of the application for business-to-business companies . <h> Then To Now <p> Today , what it offers is an always-on , intelligent conversational automation on text and voice across multiple channels such as WhatsApp , Google Assistant , Alexa , among others . <p> "" Given the current market scenario , enterprises across the globe are looking to adopt technology to drive business continuity . Since March , we 've seen a surge in demand for conversational AI automation especially from players in the e-commerce , banking , insurance , retail , healthcare , and FMCG industries , especially to digitize their call center , automate their sales @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> The first quarter of 2020 , he says , was one of the busiest for the companies since 2017 . A major part of this was due to the disruption for business due to the Coronavirus outbreak and an urgency to quickly adopt solutions that would keep them afloat . <p> "" Where deals would be closed in three months , are now being closed and implemented in three days . We are also seeing FMCG and retail companies offer direct to consumer offerings on WhatsApp as a channel . This is further fuelling the demand for our platform . "" <h> Going Forward <p> While the company is strengthening its text automation capabilities , it says it is also investing heavily in voice chatbots . The reason ? <p> "" In a consumer first-market , voice tech is the essential bridge for consumers to connect with brands in a way easy for them , "" says Ravinutala , adding that they expect that the next generation of users will start voice-first especially when interacting with banking , retail , or telecom service providers . <p> It recently raised @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Partners and Lightspeed India Partners . <p> Ravinutala says the capital will be used to accelerate international growth as well as for further investment in deepening multilingual voice bot capabilities , expanding enterprise integrations , and launching a developer marketplace for virtual assistants ."
"<p> We will require fresh thinking to control the skies of the future . Gaining and maintaining air superiority in 2030 will require new concepts of operation . It will require a rejection of platform-based thinking that yearns for a "" silver bullet "" solution . And it will require airmen and joint leaders able to apply operational art across domains . While these intellectual foundations are certainly the most critical aspects of success in 2030 , it is also true that concepts of operation dependent on outdated technology will fail . Any family of capabilities able to solve the 2030 problem will ultimately be comprised of platforms across all domains and from all services . If airmen and joint leaders in 2030 lack key capabilities , it will not matter how skilled they are in warfighting or operational art . The most brilliant commander today , equipped only with the technologies of yesterday , is doomed to fail in combat . <p> With that in mind , this final installment of this series expands on previous discussions regarding the key attributes of the air superiority 2030 family of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ team made with respect to force development and acquisition methodologies . <p> One of the attributes discussed in the last installment of this series was autonomy . The ECCT saw several uses for autonomous systems in assisting with data and network management . Many readers likely noted that I did not discuss autonomy more broadly , nor did I discuss whether or not our team foresaw future platforms in our air superiority force structure being manned or unmanned . The reason for this is relatively simple : Whether something is manned or unmanned does not provide capability in and of itself . Sometimes it makes sense to have a human present , sometimes it does not . In short , we were agnostic on the topic . If having a human onboard a particular platform makes it more effective , it should have a human on board . If humans limit the capability of a platform , they should be engineered out . Detailed analysis prior to and during the development of each particular capability within the air superiority family should determine the answer to the manned versus unmanned @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ topic are worth discussing in slightly more detail to inform future assessments . <p> War is fought in an environment beset by fog and friction . Because war is a contest of wills , a fighting force will do everything possible to impose more fog and friction on its enemies . For millennia , military forces have attacked adversary command and control networks to do just that . In ancient times , that command and control network consisted of military messengers either on foot or horseback . Later , Genghis Khan 's homing pigeons passed information and orders across his empire . Later still , the complex ciphers and codebreaking of World War II would play a decisive role . <p> What does this have to do with manned versus unmanned flight ? We can be sure that adversaries will attempt to degrade or deny our communication networks , whether the network that we pass information on or the network through which we exert command and control . In the context of platforms used for air superiority , the types and resiliency of the networks we use varies significantly @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ground station similar to an MQ-1 or MQ-9 ) , or autonomous systems . Remotely manned systems present the biggest challenges , as they require a high bandwidth of secure and reliable global communications . This is likely an untenable option for fighting in highly contested space . Even an agile , smart , and self-healing network can not maintain bandwidth and throughput in the face of raw jamming power projected over short distances . <p> Counterintuitively , autonomous and manned platforms are similar in their bandwidth requirements . This makes sense when one considers that a manned platform is also autonomous , at least from the network 's perspective . The commander must order it to do its mission , but once so ordered , the autonomous brains on the platform -- whether artificial or human -- execute the mission on their own without the need for an elaborate or robust communication network reaching back to a ground station . This simplifies the problem of determining whether and where a human should be in the loop . The key question becomes : Where does it make sense to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the mission chain are we confident artificial intelligence or algorithms will allow the machine to do more effectively or efficiently what humans have done in the past ? <p> While this may seem a new question , it is n't . For decades , fighter aviation has been constantly adjusting the point of autonomy . As the fighter community moved from guns to missiles as the primary air-to-air weapon , what it really did was assign part of the mission chain ( targeting and killing , in this case ) to an autonomous ( albeit kamikaze ) wingman . Early on missiles were short range , but today medium- and long-range missiles fly autonomously well beyond visual range . Moving the point of autonomy using concepts such as an arsenal plane , a longer-range air-to-air weapon , or an unmanned "" loyal wingman "" merely extends the logic fighter aviation has used since the advent of the missile age . Does an autonomous option for a platform or weapon fill a gap and provide capability ? That should be the first question . And if the answer is yes @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and what is the technical readiness ? This is all part of detailed tradespace analysis conducted when planning for development of any complex weapons system . <p> Survivability is the second key attribute that must be evaluated as part of any capability development effort . For nearly three decades , from the earliest days of the F-117 over Iraq to the most recent employment of F-22s over Syria , stealth provided the U.S. Air Force a distinct operational advantage . As a result , many have come to regard survivability as synonymous with stealth . Others have argued that stealth is an outdated technology the Air Force should abandon . Neither perspective is correct ; the truth lies somewhere in between . <p> Stealth is not dead , but it is also not the only attribute that contributes to the survivability of Air Force weapons and platforms . Survivability should be the true focus of analysis and discussion . This is a complex discussion , as aircraft signature , redundancy of onboard systems , speed , maneuverability , and electronic attack capability all interact to contribute to survivability . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of these depends on a host of factors , not least of which is the state of all the relevant technologies . Take the F-117 Nighthawk , for example . While the United States had made the critical breakthrough in technology needed to create a stealth fighter , the state of the technology was such that it was incompatible with supersonic speeds or high maneuverability . Thus , engineers focused their efforts on optimizing the F-117 's signature . It survived by being unseen , not by being faster or nimbler . Though the F-117 was nearly invisible to radar , it was restricted to flying only at night to avoid another key sensor in aerial combat -- the human eye . Flying during the day could have resulted in the F-117 being seen by an enemy fighter pilot . Had that happened , it would have been nearly impossible for the Nighthawk to survive . <p> Fast forward 20 years to the early 2000s , and the F-22 Raptor found a different balance of attributes to maximize survivability . While stealthy , the F-22 is also fast and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ air defenses resulted in a radically new design . Combining "" supercruise "" capability with high-maneuverability , the F-22 can fight and survive in places the F-117 could not . <p> One other attribute affects survivability : lethality . To paraphrase the tactics manual I read as a young F-16 pilot , the best way to ensure you survive is to make sure the enemy does not . This remains true today , and it complicates any discussion of the trades one must make when designing an aircraft . The depth of a magazine , the quality of sensors that allow more accurate targeting , and the effectiveness of weapons ( kinetic or non-kinetic ) all impact survivability . But one can not have everything . Increase the magazine too much and the platform becomes too large to maneuver . Add too many sensors and the signature of the aircraft might be compromised . Optimizing this tradespace across the entire air superiority family of capabilities will require detailed analysis of all of these attributes . <p> First , using the terminology of sixth generation risks getting into a discussion @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ barrage of questions that follow usually includes : Is it hypersonic ? How stealthy is it ? Does it carry directed energy weapons ? How high can it fly ? Is it manned ? These are all good things to know , but not in the context of defining sixth generation . When it started the Advanced Tactical Fighter ( ATF ) program in the 1980s , the Air Force did not set out to create a fifth-generation capability . Rather , it set out to create an aircraft that could operate in the expected operational environment of the early 2000s . Only after building the Raptor and seeing the tremendous advantage it provided did the Air Force conceive of it as a generational leap from F-15s and F-16s . Then , using the fifth-generation F-22 as a baseline , we began retroactively to classify older fighters using this new construct . Consequently , as a young F-16 pilot I was unaware that I was flying a fourth-generation platform . We only defined the F-16 ( and F-15 ) as such after the Air Force adopted the fifth-generation paradigm @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ avoided in the discussion of PCA was "" fighter . "" While to some this is sacrilege , the rationale is sound . When we hear the word "" car , "" most people envision a four-wheeled enclosed vehicle , typically propelled by an internal combustion engine with a range of 200 to 400 miles and top speeds of around 120 to 150 miles per hour . We all possess mental models that define a car in that way . The same is true of "" fighter . "" In the modern context , most people have a mental model of a short-range , highly maneuverable , supersonic , manned aircraft , typically armed with a limited number of missiles and a gun . A future PCA may not fit this model . Part III of this series highlighted the importance of increased range . Payload is also important , as increasing magazine depth allows for greater persistence and improved lethality . Maneuverability and speed will be important , too , but may not fit our traditional definition of a fighter , either . In the end , I @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ an F-designation . But we need to be willing to challenge our assumptions and expand our thinking about how we balance the tradespace of any platform in the air superiority family of capabilities . <p> While the PCA has garnered much of the focus in the wake of the release of the Air Superiority 2030 Flight Plan , it is only one part of the solution to the air superiority problem of 2030 . Several other air , space , and cyberspace capabilities will be critical to control of the air . As mentioned previously , the front end of the kill chain -- the ability to find , fix , and track -- was the most difficult part to achieve . While space and cyberspace capabilities can not support this part of the kill chain on their own without air domain contributions , the inverse is also true . For instance , we have become accustomed to finding , fixing , and targeting ground forces by placing a remotely piloted aircraft overhead with full motion video . That will not be possible in highly contested 2030 threat environments @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ targets , but we will also use space- and cyberspace-derived information in near-real time to aid the targeting process . Using cyberspace to degrade an enemy command and control network or disrupt key enemy infrastructure may also be possible , though the nature of the cyberspace environment 15 years hence is extremely difficult to predict . <p> Future commanders will need to understand each domain and the capabilities it brings to the table as they make decisions to apportion their forces . How will the Air Force develop that future commander ? What set of education and experiences do future commanders need to succeed in the 2030 operational environment , and how can the Air Force provide these ? The answers to these questions could potentially affect tremendous change in professional military education , career paths , and leadership opportunities . We must start now to develop those airmen . The majors and lieutenant colonels of today are the senior general officers of 2030 , and they will need this knowledge and experience to effectively employ the multi-domain capabilities in the field by 2030 . <p> This leads to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ field by 2030 ? That is only 13 years away , after all . Under traditional acquisition approaches , most major defense programs take many more years to complete . Many others have noted some of the shortfalls with defense acquisition , and I will not repeat them here . Correcting these is an increasing area of focus for the Department of Defense , the services , and Congress . Often the reason citied is a need to be better custodians of taxpayer dollars , or to eliminate waste . While I personally appreciate that rationale as a taxpayer , as an airmen , I would add another . Namely , if the Department of Defense does not change its acquisition approach , our capability development will be outpaced by others around the world . We are already behind in many areas , and we must act now or our remaining technological advantages will continue to erode . Thus , to the fiscal imperative we must add an operational imperative : We must improve our ability to develop and field capability in the information age or we will not @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to increase the speed of capability development . First , requirements discipline -- the ability to know the basics of what you need and stick to those basics . Overly complex requirements or changing requirements create instability and start a cycle of delays and cost increases nearly impossible to break . The initial change in requirements drives an increase to development and delivery timelines , as additional engineering and testing must now be built into the program . That change to delivery timelines pushes the fielding of a capability to the right . As that timeline extends , the projected threat environment changes , incentivizing additional requirements changes to meet the evolving threat . And the cycle repeats itself . <p> Second , the Air Force should reinvigorate the concept of parallel development . This centers on the idea that there are various technological development cycles that are not naturally synchronized . There are industrial development cycles for components such as aircraft outer mold lines , spacelift , and engines . These items sometimes take a decade to advance . There are also hardware development cycles , which generally @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ other apertures are on this typically two to five-year cycle . Finally , there are software development cycles that run in minutes or months . The idea behind parallel development is to mature each of the component of a spacecraft , aircraft , or cyberspace tool under development in a separate line of development and outside a formal program . Once a technology reaches the appropriate level of maturity , it then can be ported out of that parallel line of development and integrated into a program . Meanwhile , the tech development line continues working the next iteration of capability to ready it for future use . <p> Third , the Air Force should manage integration risk . Again , this is not a trivial task on a complex weapons system . However , prototyping and experimentation provide an elegant solution . The F-117 did this correctly by building an essentially fieldable prototype before entering its limited production run . More recently , the F-22 program began with a flyoff between the YF-22 and YF-23 prototypes . In truth , these aircraft were mere technology demonstrators rather than @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of the F-35 program . They did not contain all of the systems and sub-systems the final versions of their planes would need . For prototyping to truly work , we must move beyond the technology demonstrators these program used , and instead truly integrate the subsystems onto the capability we are trying to field . Only then can we evaluate whether or not it does what we need it to do . <p> Once that evaluation of the prototype is complete , it is time to decide whether to declare a program and invest in the long-lead items needed for production . In the event a production decision is made , program managers must hold fast to stable requirements . Parallel lines of technology development will have progressed , tempting operators and developers to adjust requirements . Do not succumb to this temptation . Maintain requirements stability and instead include newly developed technologies in later increments or blocks . Importing these into the baseline aircraft post-prototyping will only delay and derail the fielding of capability . If , on the other hand , you decide that the prototype @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ production , apply the learning from prototyping to the next iteration of development . <p> Even in the first case , when a decision is made to enter production on the first prototype , continued technology development and planning for follow-on increments and blocks must continue . This was the ECCT 's fourth recommendation : take an incremental approach to capability development . As technologies mature through parallel development , so should several different prototyping phases . These will likely result in multiple blocks or increments of capability within a single program . As new blocks or increments enter to forces , older ones must be repurposed or retired . As the pace of technological change increases , we should expect the pace of the change in our force structure to increase as well . Keeping capabilities of any kind in military inventories for decades invites irrelevance . Sustaining old capabilities also ties up significant resources as operating costs increase over time . We must develop , test , field , and retire capabilities on a much faster cycle than in the last several decades . We must invest @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ similar pace of technological change to what we are experiencing today occurred in the 1950s and 1960s , leading to the fielding of the "" century series "" of fighter aircraft . During this time period , the pace of change was not driven by Moore 's law , but rather by Bernoulli 's . Aerodynamic engineers applying the Swiss mathematician 's equations were rapidly learning how to build more effective and efficient airfoils , allowing them to build aircraft capable of greater speed , range , and maneuverability . The rapid pace of advancement required the constant fielding of new aircraft to keep pace with technology . Every five to seven years , we fielded new platforms that could fly higher , faster , and further . <p> Development of a PCA aircraft and other air domain capabilities needs to adopt this mindset lest we continue to fall behind . But this is not just an air domain issue . Maintaining relevance in cyberspace certainly will require rapid fielding in response to technological change . Furthermore , as the ability to launch cubesat and nanosat capabilities matures , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ mentality in the fielding of space capabilities , as well . We can not accept using industrial-age acquisition timelines in an information-age world . <p> As I noted in my opening article in this series , building the force to achieve air superiority in 2030 will take time , effort , and sustained commitment . Even though technology and platform development are not a panacea , a focus on the fundamentals of capability development , maintaining requirements discipline , and using an acquisition game plan that leverages experimentation and prototyping are prerequisites to success . Pairing these acquisition and development techniques with new concepts of operation and developing of airmen and joint leaders with the ability to leverage the strengths across all the domains will get us there . <p> As I said at the outset , air superiority is not an optional capability . Without it , we will lose . <p> Alex Grynkewich is a Brigadier General in the U.S. Air Force and an F-16 and F-22 fighter pilot . He most recently served as the Chief of Strategic Planning Integration at Headquarters Air Force and as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ The opinions expressed above of those of the author , and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Department of Defense or the U.S. Air Force ."
"<h> EU seeks new regulation of facial recognition technology <p> The regulation of artificial intelligence is expected to be a priority for the incoming European Commission president . <p> 22 Aug 2019 20:09 GMT <p> The EU is aiming to crack down on indiscriminate use of facial recognition surveillance technology Mark Schiefelbein/AP Photo <p> Citizens of the European Union will have clear rights over how facial recognition technology companies use their data , as officials plan to curb creeping surveillance of ordinary people , the Financial Times has reported . <p> New regulations would limit "" the indiscriminate use of facial recognition "" , a source told the FT on Thursday . <p> The move comes as Brussels seeks to overhaul the regulation of artificial intelligence . <p> Facial recognition technology falls into two main streams - hardware and software . While cameras with hard-wired technologies can be expensive , though fast to identify or catalogue faces , software solutions which scan live images fed from existing cameras are becoming more popular . <p> The UK 's information commissioner is already studying the increasing use of the technology in London after it was revealed that a private property developer @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ people in and around the central King 's Cross area . <p> The non-consensual harvesting of biometric data is already outlawed under EU data protection regulations known as GDPR . <p> 190523173337953 <p> But now the EU wants new laws that "" should set a world-standard for AI regulation "" , according to a document seen by the FT . <p> It is also thought to be a priority of incoming European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen , who has promised new legislation "" on the human and ethical implications of artificial intelligence "" . <p> Automatic facial recognition has given police forces enormous power , a British judicial review into the technology 's use heard in May . <p> But there is no standard code of conduct or legal requirement for law enforcement agencies - let alone private operators of public spaces - that mandates a person 's data is not stored . <p> The technology has been banned in the US city of San Francisco . A trial operation of automatic facial recognition in London has now ended , a Metropolitan Police spokesperson told Al Jazeera , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ after covering his face while passing a police van in the British capital ."
"<p> What can we expect from AI capabilities today ? What may happen in the future ? Answers for these and other questions are part of the value of this course . <p> Expected Learning Outcomes <p> Explain the different uses of AI today <p> Understand the techniques used for the different types of AI capability <p> Define a roadmap to reach effective use of AI <p> Explaining the technology available for AI <p> Interpret how AI can help the business <p> Select appropriate AI techniques for the business <p> Understand the limits of AI <p> Suggest operational opportunities for AI <p> While flashy or exotic applications of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and other related automation approaches get a lot of press , there are many simple AI approaches that yield business value . The key to success in AI is an awareness of what technologies fit your organization needs . Applying AI technology and concepts to everyday processes makes the work easier , more reliable , and more productive . <p> Understanding , organizing , integrating and delivering AI is a key issue today . Business must be clear about the use and value of AI to avoid chasing an unachievable and expensive dream . Applying an incremental approach to using AI builds on the understanding that small scope opportunities have a high degree of success . <p> AI is a collection of technologies that recognize patterns . The patterns replace the tedium people must do in support of a process . Identifying these points of opportunity is the link to applying small and effective AI solutions . <p> Small projects also provide insight regarding how well AI is absorbed into the every-day operation . AI carries with it many implications . Jobs change dramatically and current skills may become obsolete and displaced . There may be resistance to change and unrealistic fear of robots taking over as well . However , the positive side promises better-paying work , newer and more interesting tasks and less physically demanding and boring operations ."
"<h> What Kind of Great Power Can Europe Become ? <p> While EU policymakers cavil over constitutional questions about desired levels of European integration , global forces are imposing a political transformation on Europe . The only real question facing Europeans is whether they will establish themselves as a global power , or become a mere pawn of others . <p> BERLIN -- World War II , and the period of decolonization that followed it , brought to an end the centuries-long global domination of Europe 's great powers . After 1945 , neither of the global powers -- the United States and the Soviet Union -- was European , and a plethora of newly independent nation-states bounded onto the world stage . <p> The COVID-19 outbreak has hit at a time of much greater economic vulnerability than in 2003 , during the SARS outbreak , and China 's share of world output has more than doubled since then . With other major economies already struggling , the risk of outright global recession in the first half of 2020 seems like a distinct possibility . <p> Having achieved victories both in the Pacific and in Europe , only the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a political and economic order . America provided military protection and support for political cooperation and free trade , while the rest of the Western world sought to overcome the forces of nationalism and protectionism . <p> America also created rules-based international institutions . In Europe , this multilateral framework eventually evolved into a new ( Western ) European system of states : today 's European Union . Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Christmas Day in 1991 , the US became the world 's only superpower -- and quickly overextended itself . The unipolar moment ended with the senseless US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 -- a country from which the US has been trying to extricate itself for more than a decade . <p> But the global order can not exist in a vacuum , because other powers will always step in to fill the void . Hence , the new emerging power , China , has been rushing to assert itself on the world stage , as has a militarily reinvigorated Russia , the world 's other major nuclear power after the US . The @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ superpowers , but nor is it based on multilateralism -- or on any other framework designed to balance competing interests and contain , prevent , or resolve conflicts . <p> The election of US President Donald Trump marked the beginning of America 's active renunciation of the global order that it helped build . Under Trump , the US has deliberately tried to destroy post-war institutions such as the World Trade Organization , while openly questioning time-tested international alliances such as NATO . The multilateral Pax Americana of the Cold War era has given way to the return of a world in which individual countries assert their national interests at the expense of other , weaker powers . Sometimes this involves economic or diplomatic pressure ; and sometimes , as in the case of Russia 's actions in eastern Ukraine , it involves the use of force . <p> Europe can not simply dodge or ignore the effects of this broader sea change . While the European Union is powerful in economic , technological , and trade terms , it is not a great power in its own right . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that underpin genuine geopolitical power , and it has come to take many of its own traditions for granted . As a supranational entity of 27 member states , it is the progeny of precisely the multilateral order that is now in decline . <h> Subscribe now <h> Subscribe today and get unlimited access to OnPoint , the Big Picture , the PS archive of more than 14,000 commentaries , and our annual magazine , for less than $2 a week . <p> SUBSCRIBE <p> The historic reversal from rules-based multilateralism to an unstable system of great-power rivalries is woefully inconsistent with the current mix of growing global challenges , not least climate change . Preventing catastrophic global warming requires collective action by an international community comprising the vast majority of countries , not a revival of a global order based on competition among states . <p> Fortunately , the EU already holds a leading position with respect to climate-change mitigation , both in technological and regulatory terms . Europe 's task now is to maintain and expand that lead , not just for the sake of the planet , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ all , America 's retreat is forcing Europe to become a power in its own right . Otherwise , it will become a dependent and mere instrument of other powers . <p> In geopolitical terms , Trumpism , the rise of China , and Russian revisionism -- which takes the form of military aggression , owing to Russia 's weakening economic base -- have left Europeans with no choice but to pursue great-power status . The current wave of technological innovation has further strengthened this imperative . Digitalization , artificial intelligence , big data , and ( possibly ) quantum computing will determine what the world of tomorrow looks like , including who leads it . <p> At its heart , the digital revolution is about politics , not technology . The liberty of individuals and entire societies is at stake . In the digital future , the political freedoms that underpin Western civilization will increasingly depend on questions of data ownership . Will European data belong to firms in Silicon Valley or China , or will it be subject to the sovereign control of Europeans themselves ? To my @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's great-power credentials in the years and decades ahead . <p> Europeans have long been debating constitutional questions such as the desired level of integration or confederation ( Staatenverbund ) for the EU . But the time for these discussions is over , at least for now . The political transformation that is underway is being forced upon integrationists and inter-governmentalists alike . The challenge now is to transform Europe into a great power before it is ground down by larger technological and geopolitical forces . <p> Europe can not afford to fall behind technologically or in terms of geopolitical power . It has a responsibility to lead the rest of the world on the issue of climate change , which will require technological as well as regulatory innovation . In a world quickly succumbing to zero-sum rivalries , becoming a climate-policy great power should be Europe 's top priority . <p> Joschka Fischer was German Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor from 1998-2005 , a term marked by Germany 's strong support for NATO 's intervention in Kosovo in 1999 , followed by its opposition to the war in Iraq @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ protests of the 1960s and 1970s , and played a key role in founding Germany 's Green Party , which he led for almost two decades . <p> "" In a world quickly succumbing to zero-sum rivalries , becoming a climate-policy great power should be Europe 's top priority "" <p> China 's CO2 emissions dwarf those of Europe ( and the USA ) . China is n't about to take orders from Europe . The developing word now accounts for a majority of CO2 emissions ( and all of the growth Focusing on climate change will accelerate Europe 's decline into irrelevance ( a process rather advanced these days anyway ) . <p> Europe should focus on maintaining the prosperity and stability of the nations of Europe . Of course , that is exactly what the author does not want to do . <p> I agree with the author that it would be good for the EU if it was stronger , politically and militairely.Militairely : most EU NATO members fail to contribute to NATO what they agreed upon.Politically : he continues the Cold War , but fails to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Islamic expansion . <p> Then the author proposes to postpone constitutional questions and move to become a great power.However it is the EU organisation that keeps the EU weak and uncompetitive , they are mainly busy with their internal politics . - between 2009 -2017 the economy of the Eurozone decreased by 2,7 % . In the same period the US economy increased by 39 % . The Chinese by 139 %. - think of all the EU mismanagement over the past 20 years : Greek crisis , Euro crisis , the unsustainable Euro , Migration crisis and the Brexit , etc. - the next EU budget : Brussels and France with their Southern Friends want more money to argiculture and social equality . The Northern members , who have to raise the money , want to invest in technology. - for the past 20 years a power struggle is taking place between ; the EU Commision who wants to become the leader of the EU , France &amp; friends who want to gain control over Germany and the competitive members in the North.For this pupose France has , recklessly @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ give the ' coupe de grace ' to the competitive members by introducing structural reforms in the Eurozone . Reforms which will turn the Eurozone into a Transfer Union . ( On the Global Competitiveness Index ; Germany ranks 7 , France 15 , Italy 30 ) Appaling is the weak and provincial political and economic leadership by Germany. - my conclusion is that the EU will never become a great power when it does not drastically improve it 's internal structure and increase it 's **26;3416;TOOLONG must be to break up the Eurozone , to stop the Transfer Union , direct the subsidies on investments for the future , replace the "" ever closer union "" by limited goals , introduce direct communication between the EU Commission and Memberstates. - It is also good to remember that it took the USA 200 years and several bloody wars to become one Nation . The Russians tried for 70 years to build a Nation , which ended in terror and poverty . ( J.E . Stiglitz , The Euro ; Mody , Eurotragedy ) . <p> Germany has heroically preserved it @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Weiwei . The experience gathered in conservationism might have prepared Germany and Europeans in general to the task of preserving the environment , task that is after all a necessary condition for the continuous preservation of Nazi culture . <h> New Comment <p> It appears that you have not yet updated your first and last name . If you would like to update your name , please do so here . <p> Pin comment to this paragraph <p> After posting your comment , you 'll have a ten-minute window to make any edits . Please note that we moderate comments to ensure the conversation remains topically relevant . We appreciate well-informed comments and welcome your criticism and insight . Please be civil and avoid name-calling and ad hominem remarks . <p> America 's plutocrats and their media allies are certain that US presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is unelectable , or that , if somehow elected , he would bring about the collapse of the republic . This disdain is both telling and absurd . <p> The COVID-19 outbreak has hit at a time of much greater economic vulnerability than in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ share of world output has more than doubled since then . With other major economies already struggling , the risk of outright global recession in the first half of 2020 seems like a distinct possibility . <p> If US Senator Bernie Sanders is the Democratic Party 's presidential candidate , he could win in November for any number of reasons . The US electorate is almost evenly divided regardless of candidate , swing voters are unpredictable , electoral math is tricky , Donald Trump has plenty of weaknesses , and a lot can happen between now and then . <h> Log in/Register <p> Please log in or register to continue . Registration is free and requires only your email address . <p> Emailrequired <p> PasswordrequiredRemember me ? <p> Please enter your email address and click on the reset-password button . If your email exists in our system , we 'll send you an email with a link to reset your password . Please note that the link will expire twenty-four hours after the email is sent . If you ca n't find this email , please check your spam folder @ @ @ @ @ @ @"
"<h> Amazon is now making it mandatory for sellers in the US to display their business names and addresses . The move comes days after Amazon set up a global Counterfeit Crimes Unit . <p> Amazon US sellers will soon show their business names , addresses ( Pixabay ) <p> Amazon will soon start showing business names and addresses of sellers on its e-commerce platform . The move is said to be part of Amazon 's efforts to curb counterfeit products and sellers on the platform . The changes will come into effect on September 1 for the US version of the platform . <p> According to TechCrunch , Amazon already follows a similar practice on its store for Europe , Japan , and Mexico due to the local guidelines . It is worth noting that Amazon 's marketplace is among the oldest and largest . It is said to have over 450,000 active sellers in the US . Globally , it has about 2.2 million active sellers . <p> Counterfeit and price gouging have become constant pain points for Amazon over the years . So far , the company has relied upon various techniques to combat this problem @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ machine learning to weed out such sellers . <p> According to a Business Insider report , Amazon 's decision may have been based on a January counterfeiting report from the Department of Homeland Security that sought better transparency on the e-commerce platforms . <p> "" These features help customers learn more about sellers ' businesses and their products . Beginning September 1 , we will also display sellers ' business name and address on their Amazon.com seller profile page to ensure there is a consistent baseline of seller information to help customers make informed shopping decisions , "" a company spokesperson told The Verge . <p> The announcement comes after Amazon launched a Counterfeit Crimes Unit to weed out fake products on its platform . The unit , which will be a global one , is comprised of federal prosecutors , experienced investigators , and data analysts , said Amazon last month . <p> Amazon revealed that the company had spent over $500 million and deployed over 8,000 employees to combat fraud . It claimed that the efforts led to the suspension of over 2.5 million "" bad actor accounts @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @"
"<p> The Final Fantasy series is one I 've only ever observed from a distance , mostly because it just seemed daunting to tackle . There are so many , which one should I play ? And they 're so long , how will I ever find the time ? Fortunately , Brad and Jason solved the first problem by highly lauding FF6 during the Quick Look of World of Final Fantasy and I solved the second by utilizing my prized Game Boy Micro to play in 30 minute chunks before falling asleep . <p> I 'm glad these stars aligned , because I 'm having a great time . My expectations of a long-winded , nonsensical story paired with infuriating random battles and obtuse quests were almost entirely wrong . The story is fantastical yet clearly told and the characters are charming . The quests are clever and varied , and I 've so far only had to consult a FAQ once ( the tried-and-true method of "" talk to everyone , open everything "" works pretty much all the time ) . And while random battles are @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ones are often a fun challenge . It 's apparent that a lot of care went into FF6 , and it 's usually games like those that stand the test of time . <p> Event0 is ( stop me if you 've heard this one before ) a first-person adventure game set on a deserted spaceship , but it quickly becomes apparent that this game is going for something a little different . Most of your time is spent conversing with the ship 's onboard artificial intelligence by typing into in-game terminals . The crazy thing is , you talk to this computer in English , not code . What 's even crazier is that it works . Admittedly , it 's not perfect . It 's often reminiscent of simple chat bots like Dr. Sbaitso , and most attempts to deviate from the conversation result in a generic response . <p> The game seems to understand its shortcomings , however , and I found that it never overstayed its welcome in any one activity . As soon as I got tired of talking , I was treated to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ conversation stuff clicks , though , it 's scary . When I was worried the computer was angry with me , I found myself using calming language , so as not to upset it . You know , maybe I should book another appointment with Dr. Sbaitso ... <p> I 've been looking for a good scuba diving game for a long time , and I feel like I 've finally found it in Abz ? . Everything from the way light bends underwater , to the hyper accurate animation of the sea life , serves to remind me just how much I love the ocean . Not only are the game 's visuals beautiful , but Abz ? ' s music blends so well with what you 're experiencing in the game you 'd swear it was some kind of magic . The game 's simple story is well told , and includes a twist I did n't see coming . It is both high praise and a heavy burden for a game to bear a reputation like "" underwater Journey , "" but I 'd say Abz @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a fancy restaurant . Every time you think "" you know , I could really use a-- "" it is placed in front of you for you to devour . And it 's delicious . Just when you think you 're full of the wall-running ? touff ? e , a heaping plate of lock-on missile alfredo slides right in . I never even touched the multiplayer ( too spicy ) , but I left satisfied nonetheless . <p> The world of Inside may be a colossal bummer , but boy is it nice to look at . Watching the environments scroll by--each locale dropping hints about what 's really going on in this world--was the force that drove me through the game in one sitting ( a rarity for me ) . The puzzles are cleverly integrated into the heavy and oppressive environment , often uncomfortably so , causing me to cringe as I pulled a lever or pressed a switch . The game 's mysteries never really get fully explained , and I like that . The ending of the game leaves similar emotional holes that feel @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ability to polish a game to a blinding shine . And while Overwatch is an impressive demonstration that this uncanny ability can even be applied to genres Blizzard has never explored before , the game 's true strength lies not during the gameplay but after . The positive-only reinforcement doled out to all players in the postgame report seems like a small touch , but it 's indicative of just how thoroughly Blizzard contemplated not just the game itself , but the people playing it , and why we play the games we do . As we sometimes forget , we play games to have fun , and Overwatch is a blast . <p> Imparting a sense of wonder is a feat made increasingly difficult as the gaming audience gets harder and harder to impress . That The Witness even comes close to evoking the feelings I had playing Myst as a kid is impressive . The world the game creates is simultaneously impossible and starkly real , giving weight to the strangeness you encounter like the doors in rock faces and people who have been turned to stone @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ already feel like I 've gotten something valuable from it : the realization that there 's still a childlike sense of awe left in me . Thanks , The Witness , for suggesting that I 'm not an emotionless husk . <p> One minute you 're cleaning your aquarium and the next you 're in Spec Ops : The Line . <p> Hitman strikes me as a game where the developers finally got to make what was locked in their minds all along . Everything about its design clicks with a confidence you 'd expect from years of lovingly working on a franchise . All the mechanics play so smoothly together that the translation from "" thought in my head "" to "" flawless execution "" happens almost instantly . And even if my master plan does n't work out ( usually a result of my own impatience ) , I never feel stuck or like the game is holding me back . Instead , the game says "" you got yourself into this mess . Here are some tools . Let 's see if you can get out @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ find myself doing all the side challenges on each level before moving on , and I NEVER do that . Instead of seeing them as tasks to do begrudgingly , I consider them opportunities to further hone myself into a multifaceted , nimble killing machine ... who throws wrenches at people . <p> On the surface , Picross is almost too simple a game : remove blocks using basic logic to reveal a crude shape . I 'm still not sure I understand why this task is so incredibly alluring , but I CA N'T . STOP . Perhaps it 's the drip-feed of figuring out each micro-puzzle in "" should this block be here ? "" Perhaps it 's the sense of accomplishment after spending thirty minutes on one puzzle and making it through without any mistakes . Perhaps it is the deceptively simple premise itself that challenges you , saying "" oh , you think this is easy ? Prove it . "" Picross is a mystery to me , one I ca n't tear myself away from . <p> If I had my own Game of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Game That I Played a Lot During the Holidays and Everyone Had Fun Despite the Fact That Not Everyone Was an Adept Player of Video Games "" category . If such a thing existed , Overcooked would proudly join the ranks of Jackbox Party Pack and Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes . No game this year made me laugh harder . <p> It should be reiterated that the game 's story involves you cooking to save the world from a monster made of spaghetti . <p> Doom manages to find a balance between evoking the past and creating something that feels fresh in 2016 , and does so with conviction , like a man not walking across a tightrope , but sprinting . The result is a game that inhabits that golden realm where the game becomes an extension of you . Where you stop thinking about what the game wants you to do and start using it as a tool to enact your own will . Doom is flow , embodied . <p> I also ca n't quite believe how much I like the Doom marine . Not @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ because he 's an actual character . A character that does n't have any lines . I do n't care who you are , getting an audience to care about a character that communicates exclusively in punching science equipment is a monumental achievement . Combine that with some gorgeous visuals and a rippin ' soundtrack and you 've got yourself quite a video game ."
"<p> Eighteen years ago , al-Qaeda operatives hijacked planes , toppled buildings , terrified an entire nation , and killed nearly 3,000 innocents . That the elaborate 9/11 plot went undetected will forever be remembered as one of the intelligence community 's worst failures . For many U.S. intelligence officials , memories of that day remain fresh , searing , and personal . Still hanging over the entrance to the CIA 's Counterterrorism Center is a sign that reads , "" Today is September 12 , 2001 . "" It 's a daily reminder of the agency 's determination to prevent future attacks -- but also of the horrifying costs when intelligence agencies adapt too slowly to emerging threats . <p> For a decade after the Soviet Union 's collapse , the CIA and the FBI were mired in Cold War structures , priorities , processes , and cultures even as the danger of terrorism grew . My research has shown that even though many inside and outside U.S. intelligence agencies saw the terrorist threat coming and pressed for change years earlier , they could not get the necessary reforms enacted . The shock of 9/11 finally forced a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ successes , from foiled plots to the operation against Osama bin Laden . But now , nearly two decades later , America 's 17 intelligence agencies need to reinvent themselves once more , this time in response to an unprecedented number of breakthrough technologies that are transforming societies , politics , commerce , and the very nature of international conflict . <p> As former CIA Deputy Director Michael Morell and I wrote in Foreign Affairs earlier this year , the threat landscape is changing dramatically -- just as it did after the Cold War -- and not because of a single emerging terrorist group or a rising nation-state . Advances in artificial intelligence , open-source internet-based computing , biotechnology , satellite miniaturization , and a host of other fields are giving adversaries new capabilities ; eroding America 's intelligence lead ; and placing even greater demands on intelligence agencies to separate truth from deception . But the U.S. intelligence community is not responding quickly enough to these technological changes and the challenges they are unleashing . <p> While 9/11 was a surprise , it should not have been . In @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ think-tank studies , and government reports all sounded the alarm , warning about the grave new threat of terrorism and recommending urgent and far-reaching intelligence reforms to tackle it . As I documented in my book Spying Blind : The CIA , the FBI , and the Origins of 9/11 , those studies issued a total of 340 recommendations that focused on crucial intelligence shortcomings such as coordination problems , human-intelligence weaknesses , and poor information sharing within and across agencies . These were exactly the same weaknesses the 9/11 Commission ultimately identified . Yet before the attacks , almost none of the recommendations were fully implemented . The overwhelming majority , 268 to be exact , produced no action at all -- not even a phone call , a memo , or a meeting . Nine months before the attacks , the bipartisan Hart-Rudman Commission , which conducted the most comprehensive assessment of U.S. national-security challenges since the Cold War 's end , correctly predicted that America 's institutional deficiencies left the nation exceptionally vulnerable to a catastrophic terrorist attack . But these and other external calls for reform @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ CIA failed , too . Although intelligence officials repeatedly warned executive-branch leaders and Congress about the terrorist threat in reports and unclassified hearings starting as early as 1994 , intelligence agencies failed to overhaul themselves to better identify and stop looming terrorist dangers . The FBI , for example , declared terrorism its number-one priority back in 1998 . Within months , the embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania made "" al-Qaeda "" a household name in the United States . But by 9/11 , the FBI still devoted only 6 percent of its personnel to counterterrorism issues . Between 1998 and 2001 , counterterrorism spending remained flat , 76 percent of all field agents continued to work on criminal cases unrelated to terrorism , the number of special agents working international terrorism cases actually declined , and field agents were often diverted from counterterrorism and intelligence work to cover major criminal cases . A 2002 internal FBI study found that two-thirds of the bureau 's analysts -- the people who were supposed to "" connect the dots "" across leads and cases -- were unqualified to do their jobs @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ highly classified internal review of the FBI 's counterterrorism capabilities gave failing grades to every one of the bureau 's 56 U.S. field offices . Meanwhile , CIA Director George Tenet labored mightily to get more than a dozen U.S. intelligence agencies to work better together , but he faced resistance at every turn . Tenet could n't even succeed in getting agencies to use the same badges to enable easier access to one another 's buildings . Counterterrorism efforts remained scattered across 46 different organizations without a central strategy , budget , or coordinating mechanism . <p> In the run-up to the attacks , the CIA and FBI had 23 opportunities to penetrate and possibly stop the 9/11 plot . They missed all 23 , for one overriding reason : Both agencies were operating as they previously had in a bygone era that gave terrorism low priority and kept information marooned in different parts of the bureaucracy . <p> For months , the CIA sat on information indicating that two suspected high-level al-Qaeda operatives were probably inside the United States . Why did n't anyone tell the FBI ? @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the habit of notifying the FBI about suspected al-Qaeda operatives before . There was no formal training program or well-honed process for putting potential terrorists on a watch list or notifying other agencies about them once they entered the country . And when the agency finally did tell the FBI about these two suspected terrorists 19 days before 9/11 , the bureau 's manhunt for them was labeled "" routine , "" assigned to a single office , and given to a junior agent who had just finished his rookie year and had never led an intelligence investigation before . This , too , was n't a mistake . It was standard practice . For the FBI 's entire history , catching perpetrators of past crimes was far more important than stopping a potential future disaster . <p> We now know that the two hijackers , Khalid al-Mihdhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi , were hiding in plain sight , using their real names in everything from the San Diego telephone directory to their bank accounts and travel documents ; living for a while with an FBI informant ; and contacting several @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of this was unknown to the FBI before 9/11 . <p> Today 's threat landscape is vastly more complex than it was in 2001 . Terrorists are one item on a long list of concerns , including escalating competition and conflict with Russia and China , rising nuclear risks in North Korea , Iran , India , and Pakistan , roiling instability in the Middle East , and authoritarians on the march around the world . Supercharging all these threats are new technologies that are accelerating the spread of information on an enormous scale and making intelligence both far more important and more challenging . <p> Now , as in the run-up to 9/11 , early indicators of the coming world are evident , and the imperative for intelligence reform is clear . The first breakdown of this new era has already occurred : the intelligence community 's failure to quickly or fully understand Russia 's weaponization of social media in the 2016 American presidential election . Before the election , intelligence agencies did not clearly grasp what was happening . Since the election , the revelations keep getting worse @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and Special Counsel Robert Mueller , we now know that Russia 's social-media influence operation started in 2014 , possibly earlier , and included the dispatch of Russian intelligence operatives to the United States to study how to maximize the effectiveness of Moscow 's social-media campaign to divide Americans and give one presidential candidate an advantage over another . <p> We also know that Russia 's deception efforts in 2016 are already looking primitive in comparison with what 's next . Thanks to advances in artificial intelligence , "" deepfake "" photographs , videos , and audios are becoming highly realistic , difficult to authenticate , widely available , and easy to use . In May , anonymous users doctored a video to make House Speaker Nancy Pelosi appear drunk . It went viral on Facebook . When the social-media giant refused to take it down after it went viral , two artists and a small technology start-up created a deepfake of Mark Zuckerberg and posted it on Instagram . In it , the phony Zuckerberg brags , on what looks like a CBS News program , about his power @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ second : one man with total control of billions of people 's stolen data , "" he says . "" Whoever controls the data , controls the future . "" Just last week , The Wall Street Journal reported the first known use of deepfake audio to impersonate a voice in a cyber heist . An executive at a British-based energy firm thought he was talking to his boss when in reality it was an AI-based imitation , right down to the lilt and slight German accent . The fraudulent call resulted in the transfer of $243,000 . <p> The potential for deepfake deceptions in global politics gets scary very quickly . Imagine a realistic-seeming video showing an invasion , or a clandestine nuclear program , or policy makers discussing how to rig an election . Soon , even seeing wo n't be believing . Deception has always been part of espionage and warfare , but not like this . <p> Meanwhile , old methods of intelligence gathering are now being democratized . Spying used to be expensive and exclusive ; when satellites that intercepted signals and images from space @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the United States could afford to maintain a clear technological advantage . Now space is becoming commercialized , with satellites so cheap that middle-schoolers can launch them . Secrets , while still important , are n't what they used to be : When Russia invaded Ukraine , the best intelligence came from social-media photos posted by the troops . And when U.S. Navy SEALs raided Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan , a local resident heard funny noises and inadvertently ended up live-tweeting the operation . <p> As in the 1990s , many in the intelligence community are sounding alarms and trying to make changes . A 2018 report by Michael Brown and Pavneet Singh of the Defense Intelligence Unit warned that China 's venture-capital investment in key American start-up companies was designed to give China the edge in technologies for commercial and military advantage . In a report in January , Dan Coats , then the director of national intelligence , told Congress , "" For 2019 and beyond , the innovations that drive military and economic competitiveness will increasingly originate outside the United States , as the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ shrinks ; the capability gap between commercial and military technologies evaporates ; and foreign actors increase their efforts to acquire top talent , companies , data , and intellectual property via licit and illicit means . "" <p> We are seeing the initial stirrings of reform . Congress created a National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence , led by the former Google parent-company chairman Eric Schmidt and the former deputy secretary of defense Robert O. Work , to "" consider the methods and means necessary to advance the development of artificial intelligence , machine learning , and associated technologies by the United States to comprehensively address the national security and defense needs of the United States . "" ( Full disclosure : I am a special adviser to the commission . ) And inside the intelligence community , there 's a new directorate for digital innovation in the CIA , new AI initiatives in the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency , and new cloud-computing efforts in the National Security Agency . <p> But these efforts are nowhere near enough . What 's missing is a wholesale reimagining of intelligence for a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ went to the side that collected better secrets , created better technical platforms ( such as billion-dollar spy satellites ) , and recruited better analysts to outsmart the other side . In the future , intelligence will increasingly rely on open information collected by anyone , advanced code and platforms that can be accessed online for cheap or for free , and algorithms that can process huge amounts of data faster and better than humans . This is a whole new world . The U.S. intelligence community needs a serious strategic effort to identify how American intelligence agencies can gain and sustain the edge while safeguarding civil liberties in a radically different technological landscape . The director of national intelligence should be leading that effort -- but after Coats 's resignation , that job has yet to be permanently filled . <p> Years ago , one former intelligence official ruefully told me that his chief worry was : "" By the time we master the al-Qaeda problem , will al-Qaeda still be the problem ? "" He was right . <p> We want to hear what you think about this @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to letters@theatlantic.com . <p> Amy Zegart is a contributing writer at The Atlantic . She is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the Freeman Spogli Institute at Stanford University . Her most recent book is Political Risk : How Businesses and Organizations Can Anticipate Global Insecurity , with Condoleezza Rice ."
"<h> Basics of machine learning algorithm every product manager should know <h> The demand for the digital products will grow day by day and the responsibility of a product manager will also increase . <p> Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence ( AI ) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience . ( Pixabay ) <p> Data has become the new currency now and when the new norm of the life will be push us more towards adoption of digital products , data will play crucial role in determining consumer behaviour and personalising the digital solution . <p> The demand for the digital products will grow day by day and the responsibility of a product manager will also increase , which will push them to learn new skills and technology . I will keep on sharing my experience and learning with fellow product professionals to solve consumers problem in a better way . <p> Let us start our journey with a brief understanding of machine learning . Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence ( AI ) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience . Machine learning mainly focuses on the development of computer programs which can teach themselves to grow and change when exposed to new data . <p> Machine learning studies algorithms for self-learning to do stuff . The primary aim is to allow the computers learn automatically without human intervention . <p> Looking at the current business trends , all the companies , be it aviation , e-commerce , advertising , education , are trying to personalise the offering to their consumers . If we talk about only India , we have more than 600 million internet users and data is generating exponentially everyday , and it is impossible to analyse and find any pattern from these data manually , that 's where Machine learning comes into the action to help data scientists and product managers with valuable insights . <p> I will try to explain basics of ML algorithms which every product manager should know to personalise the user experience and work effectively to understand and solve the consumer and business problems . Although they do not need to go deeper into the coding and architecture of these algorithms , but they should know the basics so that they understand what are they building and how they are getting build . <p> Machine learning algorithms are broadly categorised as : <p> Supervised and Unsupervised <p> Supervised ML Algorithm <p> A supervised machine learning algorithm learns from labelled training data , helps you to predict outcomes for unforeseen data . For example , you want to train a machine to help you predict how long it will take you to drive home from your workplace . Here , you start by creating a set of labelled data , like : <p> -Weather conditions-Time of the day-Holidays <p> Supervised learning is where you have input variables ( x ) and an output variable ( Y ) and you use an algorithm to learn the mapping function from the input to the output . <p> Linear regression analysis is a form of predictive modelling technique which investigates the relationship between a dependent and independent variable . Linear regression aims at finding a straight line which can accurately depict the actual relationship between the two variables . Regression technique predicts a single output value using training data.This can help predict sales for a company based on whether , previous sales , GDP growth or other conditions . <p> Linear Regression : Y = a + bX + u <p> Where : <p> Y = Variable that you are trying to predict <p> X = Variable that you are using to predict Y <p> a = the intercept <p> b = the slope <p> u = the regression residual <p> Unsupervised ML Algorithm <p> These are used when the information used to train is neither classified nor labelled . The system does figure out the right output , but it explores the data and can draw interference from datasets to describe hidden structures from unlabelled data.Unsupervised learning is where you only have input data ( X ) and no corresponding output variables . <p> The goal for unsupervised learning is to model the underlying structure or distribution in the data in order to learn more about the data.Unlike supervised learning there is no correct answers and there is no teacher . Algorithms are left to their own devises to discover and present the interesting structure in the data . All data is un-labelled and the algorithms learn to inherent structure from the input data . <p> Clustering is one of the most important unsupervised learning algorithm , it deals with finding a structure in a collection of unlabelled data . Simplest way to understand , the process of organising objects into groups whose members are similar in some way "" . <p> K-means algorithm is used to analyse unlabelled data , segregate it into groups with similar traits , and assign into clusters . It starts with estimating the centroids for clusters , the number ( k ) of which you define in advance . The second step consists in assigning data sets to the nearest centroid , based on the Euclidean distance . After that , the centroids for all clusters are recomputed . <p> The algorithm iterates between these two steps until a stopping criterion is fulfilled.This algorithm can be used for : <p> About the Author : A technology and product leader , Rahul Kumar is Chief Product Officer with HT Media Group . He has been leveraging AI , ML and IOT to transform consumer behaviour and solving business problems across technology led startups and conglomerate ."
"<p> "" Modern IT infrastructures are more complex and sophisticated than ever , and the amount of virtual ground that we 've got to safeguard has also grown exponentially , "" explains Jesse Rothstein , CTO of online security provider ExtraHop . "" From mobile to desktop interactions , cybercriminals can launch thousands of digital attacks designed to compromise your operations at every turn , only one of which ever needs to connect to cause serious disruption . "" <p> As a result , he says , it 's guaranteed that virtually every modern organization 's high-tech perimeters will eventually be breached . This being the case , for small business owners it 's no longer a matter of considering if security threats will arise , but rather thinking in terms of when . <p> The frequency with which these attacks are happening is also increasing , with more than half of all small businesses having suffered a breach within the last year and 4 in 10 having experienced multiple incidents , reveals Hiscox . <p> At the same time , though , according to Keeper Security 's 2019 SMB Cyberthreat Study , 66% of senior decision-makers at small @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ online criminals . Similarly , 6 in 10 have no digital defense plan in place whatsoever , underscoring the need for heightened industry awareness and education across the board . <p> "" Attackers are getting smarter , attacks are occurring faster , and incidents are becoming more complex , "" cautions Justin Fier , director of cyberintelligence and analytics at cyberdefense firm Darktrace . "" The latest cyberattacks speedily exploit vulnerabilities in computer networks -- which can be infected like human immune systems , changing thousands of times per second -- and can overtake even major networks in an hour and a half . "" <p> A visualization of the Darktrace artificial intelligence in action . <p> Photo courtesy Darktrace . <p> -- What 's more , given that digital threats tend to go an average of 101 days before being detected by business operators , the damage to an organization from such compromises can quickly add up . <p> Consider the case of humanitarian aid trip organizer Volunteer Voyages , a single-owner small business which suffered $14,000 in fraudulent charges after an online thief pilfered its debit card information @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of popular online food delivery startup DoorDash , which suffered a major data breach this past September , with hackers having accessed sensitive user data for over 4.9 million customers , resulting in tens of thousands in expenses . Likewise , government contractor Miracle Systems , which provides IT and engineering services to over 20 federal agencies , recently suffered losses of $500,000 to $1 million due to an internal server breach . <p> However , considerable as they are , these charges do not factor in additional damage to intangible assets such as brand reputation and customer goodwill . Case in point : Miracle and its clients were later shocked to discover that their data was openly being advertised for sale by hackers on international cybercrime forums for a starting price of $60,000 . <p> The latest cyberattacks speedily exploit vulnerabilities in computer networks -- which can be infected like human immune systems , changing thousands of times per second -- and can overtake even major networks in an hour and a half . <p> Ironically though , even with 480 new high-tech threats now introduced every minute , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ one of the greatest threats to organizations ' well-being . With just 3 in 10 employees currently receiving annual cyber security training , it 's all too easy for enterprising con artists or e-mail scammers to circumvent even the most cutting-edge digital safeguards . <p> Noting this , the over 30.2 million small businesses in America now at risk of digital disruption are advised to adopt a comprehensive mix of both high- and low-tech strategies for combating cyber threats , including : <p> Making daily backups and duplicates of data and files that can be retrieved in the event of system compromise or ransomware ( malicious software that holds accounts/networks hostage until large sums of money are paid ) . <p> Instructing staff about the dangers of clicking on unsolicited email links and attachments , and the need to stay alert for warning signs of fraudulent emails ( among the fastest-growing forms of "" phishing , "" a.k.a. online con artistry , today ) . <p> Conducting ongoing vulnerability testing and risk assessments on computer networks and applications to seek out and address possible points of failure before they arise @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ networks , user accounts , and applications to determine what passes for normal behavior , and auto-detect and immobilize suspicious activities before they spread . <p> Noting that threats can come from both internal staffers and external sources alike , and the growing amount of sensitive information that modern businesses must juggle , today 's best cyberdefenses are now multipronged , experts warn . <p> "" It 's important to take a multi-faceted approach to cybersecurity , "" explains Dan McNamara , chief technology and security officer at MedReview , whose 300 employees provide medical and patient record support services to hospitals and healthcare providers nationwide . <p> "" As our organization has grown , so has the number of cyberattacks it faces . ... In the last two quarters alone , we saw 12 to 15 million breach attempts , many of which take place during early morning hours and weekends . To safeguard ourselves , we try to embrace AI and autonomous services ; implement real-time cybersecurity tools ; and encourage every person on staff to play a role in combating online threats . "" <p> More importantly @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a single data breach in 40 years , similar shifts in thinking can help other small businesses immediately start bolstering their digital defenses . "" We believe that every employee is now responsible for helping maintain security ; we try to train everyone from the person manning the front desk up to the CEO on what constitutes smart high-tech behaviors . "" <p> Correction : This story has been updated to reflect that cyberattacks now cost businesses of all sizes $200,000 on average ."
"<p> While there has been a lot of focus on Tesla executives leaving the automaker in the past few months , Tesla announced a small flurry of new hires at the vice-president and director levels today . <h> Home Solar Power <p> The company listed the new hires , which came from Apple , Amazon and other companies , in a new blog post released this afternoon : <p> Stuart Bowers is joining as VP of Engineering , responsible for a broad range of Tesla 's software and hardware engineering . Stuart has 12 years of software experience and a background in applied mathematics , and is joining Tesla from Snap . There , he was most recently VP of Monetization Engineering , leading the team with a focus on machine learning and ad infrastructure . Prior to Snap , Stuart was the eighth engineer hired at Facebook 's Seattle office where he worked on data infrastructure and machine learning for search . <p> Neeraj Manrao has joined Tesla as Director of Energy Manufacturing . Neeraj comes from Apple , where he led the technical operations team . <p> Kevin Mukai has started as Director of Production Engineering at @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ where he served as Senior Director of Process Engineering , and before that at SunPower as Director of Process &amp; Equipment Engineering . Kevin has extensive experience in advanced factory design and development . <p> James Zhou started last month as CFO , China . James previously served as CFO for Asia Pacific and India for Ingersoll Rand , and prior to that held a number of financial leadership positions at General Electric and General Motors . <p> Alexandra Veitch joined last month as Senior Director for North American Government Relations and Policy . Alexandra comes to Tesla from CSRA . Before that , she served as Special Assistant to the President and Legislative Affairs Liaison in the White House under the Obama Administration . Her government service also includes time at the Department of Homeland Security and as a staff member in both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives . <p> Kate Pearson is our new Director of Field Delivery Operations . She previously worked as VP of Digital Acceleration at Walmart eCommerce , where she led online grocery and last-mile delivery . <p> Mark Mastandrea started earlier @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ comes from Amazon , where he was their Director of Logistics Operations , leading last-mile delivery in North America and working on the design and development of AmazonFresh pickup . <p> Myriam Attou recently started as Regional Sales Director in EMEA . Coming from La Perla , and before that Burberry , she has a long track record of delivering strong results in sales , customer experience and service excellence . <p> For example , the company did n't announce the hiring of Jim Keller , which Electrek had to reveal . <p> But today 's announcement seems to be in response to critics often framing departures at Tesla as representative of a high turnover rate , which has so far not been proven . <p> There are certainly a few departments within Tesla that had significant turnover , for example , Tesla 's Autopilot leadership had several changes over the past 2 years . <p> But as for the broader company , it employs over 100 vice-president and director-level employees and while about 2 dozen have left over the last few years , many have been around for much @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ I think it 's something worth keeping an eye on because Tesla needs to retain top talent , but I think it 's also something that has been blown out of proportion by Tesla naysayers."
"<p> **30;0;TOOLONG : //images.c-spa ... and former government officials spoke at the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence conference in Washington , DC . During this portion , foreign affairs experts , including former Obama administration Defense Under Secretary Michele Flournoy and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , discussed how the world is approaching the growth of artificial intelligence in the world and the importance for the U.S. to lead on it 's growth and implementation while fostering strong international cooperation . <p> Current and former government officials spoke at the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence conference in Washington , DC . During ... read more <p> Current and former government officials spoke at the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence conference in Washington , DC . During this portion , foreign affairs experts , including former Obama administration Defense Under Secretary Michele Flournoy and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , discussed how the world is approaching the growth of artificial intelligence in the world and the importance for the U.S. to lead on it 's growth and implementation while fostering strong international cooperation . close"
"<p> Thank you for visiting nature.com . You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS . To obtain the best experience , we recommend you use a more up to date browser ( or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer ) . In the meantime , to ensure continued support , we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript . <h> Subjects <h> Abstract <p> In this paper we develop statistical algorithms to infer possible cardiac pathologies , based on data collected from 24 ? h Holter recording over a sample of 2829 labelled patients ; labels highlight whether a patient is suffering from cardiac pathologies . In the first part of the work we analyze statistically the heart-beat series associated to each patient and we work them out to get a coarse-grained description of the reference community . These markers are then used as inputs for a multi-layer feed-forward neural network that we train in order to make it able to classify patients . However , before training the network , preliminary operations are in order to check the effective number of markers @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ augmentation ( because of the broadness of the input data ) . With such groundwork , we finally train the network and show that it can classify with high accuracy ( at most 85% successful identifications ) patients that are healthy from those displaying atrial fibrillation or congestive heart failure . In the second part of the work , we still start from raw data and we get a classification of pathologies in terms of their related networks : patients are associated to nodes and links are drawn according to a similarity measure between the related heart-beat series . We study the emergent properties of these networks looking for features ( e.g. , degree , clustering , clique proliferation ) able to robustly discriminate between networks built over healthy patients or over patients suffering from cardiac pathologies . We find overall very good agreement among the two paved routes . <h> Introduction <p> Artificial intelligence ( AI ) is gaining a growing role in healthcare : in the last years , several devices and advanced algorithms have been successfully employed to assist medical workers ( see e.g.1,2,3,4,5 ) . Among @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ machines is the wide accessibility ( even in low-income and remote areas ) to medical assistance and the reduction of the time needed to reach a diagnosis . Of course , in order for AI-based devices to analyze large amounts of information and make ( fast and correct ) decisions , they first need to undergo a suitable training6,7,8,9 . Basically , during training , a machine-learning model is exposed to examples and its internal parameters are tuned accordingly ; once training is over , new data are presented to the model which then uses what it has learned to explain that data . For instance , a model meant to classify images of skin lesions as benign lesions or malignant skin cancer will be trained on a dataset of skin pictures from different patients , previously labeled as benign or malignant , through which the model learns to detect in the input image specific patterns that are hallmarks of malignancies . Clearly , the more accurate the training and the better the performance . Nowadays , an accurate training is in principle possible given that each patient generates large @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , blood samples , vital signs , DNA sequences , current medications , other past medical history , and much more . <p> As mentioned above , a particularly important application of machine learning in a healthcare context is ( digital ) diagnosis ( see e.g.10,11,12,13,14 ) . Machine learning models can detect patterns ( precursor ) of certain diseases within patient electronic healthcare records and inform clinicians of any anomalies . Among the most successful examples so far , we mention its use in breast and skin cancer screening , in macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy detection and in distinguishing bacterial and viral pneumonia on chest X-rays ( see e.g.15,16,17 ) . Notably , in this context training is often impaired by the relative sparsity of pathological examples for which the statistics is , luckily , typically lower than statistics over healthy examples . <p> In this work we focus on data concerning heart activity and we aim to apply machine learning tools to detect possible heart-related pathologies such as atrial fibrillation or congestive heart failure . The automatic prediction of pathological events from heart activity data has been @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ e.g.18,19,20,21,22,23,24 ) : its relative low-cost and non-invasive nature make it particularly promising . <p> Our dataset is made of Holter recordings on labelled patients ( labels distinguish the kind of pathology affecting the patient , if any ) . The underlying idea is that the heart-rate variability ( HRV ) , namely the variability in the time interval between heartbeats ( which , to some extent , is perfectly physiological ) , may reveal patterns that are typical of heart-related pathologies . It is worth recalling that the HRV is usually measured in terms of the variation in the beat-to-beat interval and the common measure obtained from an Holter recording is the so-called RR variability ( where R is a point corresponding to the peak of the Holter wave and RR is the interval between successive Rs , that in humans is 103 ? ms ) . A preliminary statistical investigation on these raw data allows us to see that RR intervals display heavy-tailed distributions . A more convenient , corse-grained description can then be achieved in terms of a set of markers widely used in the cardiology research @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a machine learning network . The examples available in our database are therefore used for the training and the validation of a multilayer feed-forward network which turns out to be able to classify patients into four different categories : healthy patients ( i.e. , control group ) , patients suffering from atrial fibrillation , or from congestive heart failure , or from other disease . <p> Beyond these AI-based methods for distinguishing between healthy and pathology heart-beats , there exist -- and have proved to be successful -- other methods based on statistical mechanics . In particular , we mention approaches focusing on correlations displayed by beat-to-beat fluctuations , such as the detrended fluctuation analysis26,27,28,29 , and on multifractality in heartbeat interval time series30,31 . Within this wider scenario , in the second part of this paper , we look for consistency following a totally different investigation route based on network theory32,33,34,35 . More precisely , we assign to each RR-series a node in a network and we tie nodes together according to a similarity measure between series . Then , we highlight that networks built on healthy patients ( @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ atrial fibrillation , or from congestive heart failure exhibit different topological features . Overall , the results of these two routes are in very good agreement and the potentialities shown by these kinds of approach should motivate the establishment of suitable repositories and clouds aimed for an accurate training of these networks and algorithms . <h> Results <h> Data description : from time series to markers <p> This research has been accomplished as part of the project MATCH ( Mathematical Advanced Tools to Catch Heart-rate-variability ) , a scientific cooperation among Ascoli-Piceno Hospital ( APH ) , International Polytechnic "" Scientia et Ars "" ( POLISA ) , University of Salento , and University of Calabria . The initial database used in the present analysis consists in nominal 24 ? h Holter recordings of ( M=2829 ) patients hospitalized in APH , whose data were managed at POLISA , in the period 2016 -- 2019 . <p> Patients are divided into 6 main classes : healthy ( H ) , suffering from atrial fibrillation ( AF ) , from congestive heart failure ( i.e. cardiac decompensation , CD ) , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ( TIR ) , or from hypertension ( TENS ) . Following Holter recordings , each patient is associated to an RR time-series , namely a series of temporal intervals between two consecutive heart-beats . For instance , being ( tn ) the time for the ( N ) -th beat and ( L ) the total number of RR intervals in a given time-series , the ( nth ) RR-value reads as <p> $$rmRRn=tn+1-tn , , rmfo ... , L-1. $$ <p> ( 2.1 ) <p> Examples of these series for the different classes are reported in Fig. 1 . <p> Figure 1 <p> Examples of RR time-series for different classes . Each plot shows the first 2000 points ( i.e. heart beats ) with the corresponding RR intervals ( in seconds ) for the various classes considered . <p> Another possible measure for heart-rate variability is given by the Beats-Per-Minute ( BPM ) sequence , which can be obtained by counting how many RR intervals occur in a single minute . <p> As a preliminary statistical insight , we look at the distributions of RR 's and BPM @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to the same class , we obtain as many box-plots as shown in Fig. 2 . For each class , the median value ( over all related patients ) is denoted with the blue vertical line . The boxes extend from the lower to the upper quartile values , while the outer bars ( whiskers ) extend from the lowest to the highest non-outlier data ( we recall that outlier points are observation falling outside the interval ( Q3-frac32(Q3-Q1) , Q ... where ( Q1 ) and ( Q3 ) are , respectively , the lower and upper quartiles ) . For both RR and BPM data the structure of box-plots look quite similar in all subclasses , with outliers especially falling on the right side and suggesting that the underlying distributions exhibit a right symmetry with a heavy tail . <p> Beyond this description based on raw data , we can obtain a coarser one based on a set of 49 markers indicated by the European Society of Cardiology and the North American Society of Pacing and Electrophysiology ( see e.g.25 ) to summarise the HRV within the RR @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ also18 ) . These markers are of different nature as briefly summarized hereafter ( the exhaustive list is reported in Appendix A ) : <p> Linear markers pertaining to the temporal domain , such as the mean value and the standard deviation of RR and of BPM data , the number of successive RR intervals that exceed a certain threshold , etc ; <p> Non-linear markers , such as the standard deviations of the Poincar ? plot , the approximate and sample entropies , the correlation dimension , etc . <p> As mentioned before , moving from a description in terms of the RR or BPM sequences to a description in terms of markers implies a coarsening and , as a consequence , the clinical picture of the ( n ) -th patient , with ( n=mathrm1 , ldots , M ) is now simply represented by a vector ( boldsymbolxn= ( xn(1) , ldot ... , xn(49) ) in mathbbR49 ) , where the ( i ) -th marker ( xn(i) ) , with ( i=1 , ldots , 49 ) , is a scalar quantity . <p> For @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ can compute the marker value ( xn(i) ) from the raw RR time-series by means of Matlab-based software36 . Then , the average and the standard deviation ( over the whole population making up the database ) follow , respectively , as <p> Their definitions for ( i=1 , ldots , 49 ) are reported in Table 3 of Appendix A. <p> Despite the coarsening applied , the space ( mathbbR49 ) still exhibits a relative high dimension , which makes inference rather challenging . However , one can see that the 49 markers considered are not uncorrelated with each other . In fact , some markers present trivial relations as , for instance , the average of RR intervals and the average of the BPM . Therefore , it is convenient to preliminary study the correlations between markers in order to drop out redundant ones , yet preserving the whole information acquired . From a machine learning point of view , this analysis has the benefit of sensibly decreasing the number of free parameters to be tuned in the training procedure , so that over-fitting risks are effectively reduced @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Section . <h> Correlation analysis and dimensionality reduction <p> The simplest quantifier for correlation between marker ( i ) and marker ( j ) ( with ( i , j=1 , ldots , 49 ) ) is the Pearson correlation coefficient ( Cij ) that reads as <p> are , respectively , the sample covariance and variance . Since we want to unveil ( linearly ) dependent markers , we will not care of the sign of the correlation but we will just look at the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient , which is graphically represented in Fig. 3 for all the 49 ? ? ? 49 possible pairs . By inspecting this plot , we see that there exists a non-empty set of mutually correlated variables : we report in Table 1 marker 's couples ( ( i , j ) ) whose Pearson correlation coefficient is in magnitude higher than ( Cijge 0.990 ) . Examples of scatter plots for these highly-correlated markers are reported in Fig. 4 . As remarked above , many of these correlations are somewhat trivial , for instance , this is @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ computed with FFT-based and with autoregressive methods . Since there is a negligible information loss if we discard one of two highly correlated markers , as a result of the analysis performed in this section , we can reduce the dimensionality of the marker space . In particular , we choose to discard eight markers : #22 ( normalized power of the LF band evaluated with FFT-base methods ) , #27 ( relative power of the VLF band evaluated with autoregressive methods ) , #29 ( absolute power of the LF band evaluated with autoregressive methods ) , #31 ( normalized power of the LF band evaluated with autoregressive methods ) , #35 ( normalized power of the HF band evaluated with autoregressive methods ) , #38 ( standard deviation of the Poincar ? plot in the direction orthogonal to the identity line ) . <p> Figure 3 <p> Correlation plot for the 49 standardized markers . The colormap refers to the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient Cij , since we are only interested in the magnitude of possible correlations . <p> Examples of scatter plot for highly @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Poincar ? plot in the direction orthogonal to the identity line ( #38 ) versus square root of the mean squared differences between successive RR intervals ( #5 ) displays a perfect correlation with unitary Pearson correlation . Central panel : Normalized power of the LF band evaluated with FFT-based methods ( #22 ) versus normalized power of the HF band evaluated with FFT-based methods ( #18 ) displays a perfect anti-correlation with Pearson coefficient equal to -1 . Right panel : Normalized power of the HF band evaluated with autoregressive methods ( #35 ) versus normalized power of the LF band evaluated with FFT-based methods ( #22 ) display a large correlation with Pearson coefficient equal to 0.992 . <h> Classification tasks by feed-forward neural networks <p> One of the goals of the current work is to evaluate whether observations based on Holter recording allow an automatic inference about the presence of pathologies like atrial fibrillation , congestive heart failure , diabetes , hypo- or hyperthyroidism , hypertension , etc . This task can be approached by several perspectives , from classical statistical inference methods to machine learning techniques @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ necessary condition for meaningful outcomes . As mentioned in Sec. 2.1 , our databases is split into 6 main classes ( H , AF , CD , DIA , T , TENS ) , of which only three ( i.e. , H , AF , CD ) display a relatively large size . We therefore look for a tradeoff between statistical soundness and refinment in the emerging classification : in the following analysis , in order to avoid sparse classes , we slightly rearrange the initial database in order to generate two data-sets optimized for training classification of AF and CD patients solely , corresponding to ( see Table 2 ) <p> Note that the healthy patients in the two databases coincide , while the O class for the first database partially overlaps with the CD class of the second one ( and , likewise , the class O for the second database may contain AF patient too ) . Since we analyze the two databases independently , this is not a problem , rather , this will allows us to double-check after classification ( e.g. , a patient targeted @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ class O in the second database and a patient classified as CD in the second database should belong to the class O in the first database ; breaking this rule would result in a fault-classification by the neural network ) . <p> Before proceeding , we perform a couple of tests to see if the rearranged dataset allows for some kind of data clusterization which may encourage further investigations via machine learning tools . <p> First , we look at the joint distribution ( Prmclass ( x ( i ) , x(j) ) ) , where "" class "" can be H , AF , O ( or H , CD , O ) , which is obtained by counting the number of patients belonging to the class considered and displaying value ( x(i) ) for marker ( i ) and value ( x(j) ) for marker ( j ) . In particular , we look at the joint probability by distinguishing between the classes H/AF/O and check whether some clusterization occurs in some 2-dimensional plane in the marker 's space ( which can be a useful prerequisite in order @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Indeed , this turns out to be the case , as shown in Fig. 5 , where one can see that the projections onto given planes in the high dimensional data space of the joint distribution evaluated for the AF class has a clearly different clusterization with respect to the H and O classes . <p> Figure 5 <p> These panels display the joint probability distribution ( Prmclass ( x ( i ) , x(j) ) ) for the couple ( 40 , 45 ) of markers , obtained from the H ( left ) , the AF ( middle ) and the O ( right ) classes . As highlighted by the shared colormap on the right , darker regions are those more more likely . Remarkably , the AF population tends to condense in a region quite far from the one characteristic of H and O patients , suggesting that they can be effectively distinguished from the ( rmH+rmO ) bulk . <p> A similar clusterization of AF patients can also be visualized in the space of the principal components . In particular , in Fig. 6 we @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ first four principal components , which overall encode for the 75% of the variability contained in the ( standardized ) marker data . From these plots , we can see that the population of H and O patients forms a wide cloud centered on the origin of the plane and distributed over a wide region , while AF patients tend to concentrate far from the origin , a feature that is clear in particular looking at the ( pc1 ) vs ( pc4 ) and ( pc2 ) vs ( pc3 ) scatter plots . <p> Figure 6 <p> Scatter plots in the space spanned by the first principal components . Here , green circles represent H patients , while AF and O are , respectively , red up and blue down triangles . In general , AF patients tend to clusterize in a zone outside the cloud of the ( rmH+rmO ) population . <p> Data augmentation is a popular and consolidated technique that allows improving classification and generalization in ( deep ) neural networks , whose training requires massive databases not always of immediate availability ( as in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ by particular diseases ) , see e.g.37 . Indeed , its purpose is to synthesize new examples following the original data distribution ; note that since such enriched database for training the machine can improve the generalization capabilities of the latter , it can be seen as an implicit and effective regularization . Data augmentation has already shown remarkable results in cross-cutting fields such as image processing38,39 or speech recognition40,41 . <p> In general , in machine learning applications , we divide the database in two parts . The first one , referred to as the training set , contains a larger number of examples and it is used to infer the network parameters , while the second one , referred to as the validation set , is used to estimate the prediction performances of the model . Despite the encouraging results obtained from a statistical perspective in the previous sections , our database is rather small for a sound machine learning approach to the classification problem : techniques of data augmentation are needed in this case . The one adopted here is based on the work42 , and consists @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in the principal components . More precisely , the augmentation algorithm is the following : <p> 1 . <p> For each point in the dataset , multiply the first principal component ( pc1 ) by a factor ( alpha ) drawn from a uniform distribution with support ( ( 1-epsilon /2,1+epsilon /2 ) ) , with ( 0 &lt; epsilon &lt; 1 ) . For each data point , this operation can be performed several times ; <p> 2 . <p> Propagate the new points back in the original data space ( according to the associated rotation matrix ) . <p> This procedure introduces some noise , but still preserves the variability structure of data . This fact can be visualized for instance by comparing the histograms of each marker before and after the data augmentation , as reported in Fig. 7 . The augmentation is performed by choosing the perturbation amplitude ( epsilon =0.1 ) and generating 20 new data points for each example in the original set . As a result , the validation set is augmented from 2300 initial patients to 46000 data points . As one @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ marker before and after augmentation are nicely overlapped . <p> Figure 7 <p> Histograms for the marker #1 ( Mean RR ) before ( red ) and after ( blue ) the data augmentation . The original histogram takes into account 2300 different patients , while the augmented one is drawn from 46000 different data points . <h> Neural network design and analysis <p> Given the results of the previous sections , we are now able to design neural network models for the classification problem . Of particular inspiration to this aim are the joint probability plots in Fig. 5 , from which we find that there is a certain degree of separation between individuals with atrial fibrillation with respect to the remaining background ( i.e. , healthy people or patients with some other pathology ) . Therefore , we start developing an AF/NAF ( Atrial Fibrillation vs Not Atrial Fibrillation ) classifier for separating these two possibilities . <p> Then , analogous classifiers for H/NH ( Healthy vs Not Healthy ) and CD/NCD ( Cardiac Decompensation vs Not Cardiac Decompensation ) are also designed in such a way that @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , as reported in Fig. 8 . <p> Figure 8 <p> Overall architecture of the classifier developed in this work . From left to right : first , for a given example ( n ) , we evaluate the entries of the vector xn and we use this as input for the machine . The number of entries in the input vector is ( N=41 ) . This input is then simultaneously passed to the H/NH block -- which evaluates whether the example corresponds to a healthy unit or not -- to the AF/NAF block -- which evaluates whether the example corresponds to a unit displaying atrial fibrillation or not -- and to the CD/NCD block -- which evaluates whether the example corresponds to a unit displaying congestive heart failure or not . The outcomes stemming from this layer are compared checking for consistency ; if this test is passed the outer layer provides the classification . <p> The main advantage of such an architecture is that each single classifier can be trained in separate and parallel way with respect to the others ( moreover , this also allows to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ) . This modular scheme considerably reduces the computation time needed to find an optimal tuning of the parameters with respect to a monolitic architecture . <h> Training , generalization and classification performances <p> In this subsection we describe the functioning of each of the three blocks making up our model . <p> The neural model is realized using the Keras framework in Python ; the hardware hosting the neural network is a double cluster composed by 16 CPU ( all the cores work at a clock frequency of 3.0 Ghz ) handing 216 GPU and equipped with a 32 GB RAM per cluster . Inputs ( the markers describing the status of a given patient ) are sent to the neural network which is composed by three hidden layers ( made up of respectively 256 , 512 , 1024 exponential linear units , see Figs. 9 and 10 ) . At each layer input , a Gaussian dropout ( with value 0.2 ) operation is performed in order to avoid overfitting43 . The signal outgoing from the third hidden layer is finally subjected to a Batch Normalization44 , and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ caption of Fig. 9 for more details ) . We found experimentally that such a choice for network architecture and neuron 's activation function is a good compromise between generalization performances and training time . <p> Figure 9 <p> Neural network architecture of the single classifier . The hidden layers are composed by neurons with exponential linear units ( ELU ) , while the output layer is composed by two softmax neurons . Before each hidden layer , a Gaussian Dropout operation is performed , while before the output layer a Batch Normalization is executed . The OUT1,2 neurons are chosen according to the specific task ( i.e. H/NH , AF/NAF or CD/NCD ) . <p> Schematical representation of ELU hidden units . In the left column , we give a schematical representation of neurons in the hidden layers . The inputs are summed according to the weights ( w ) , then the result is given as argument to the activation function ( which is mathematically defined and depicted in the right column ) . <p> where ( si ) is the stimulus acting on the ( i ) @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ outcome to be compared with the true value ( ti ) ; minimization of ( mathcal L ) is achieved via a stochastic gradient descent method ( both with momentum46 and Nesterov47,48 acceleration methods ) . As we work with labeled databases , the training stage is fully supervised , and it is split in two stages as explained hereafter . In the first stage , we present to the network a large and noisy version of the database ( i.e. , the one produced with the PCA-based augmentation criterion ) . This is the pre-training stage , in which the network gets prepared typically resting in a configuration close to the optimal one ( i.e. , the one related to the global minimum in the loss function landscape ) . Each pre-training stage is composed by 50 epochs , each epoch handling a mini-batch of 2000 example on which the gradient is computed and averaged . After that , the network is trained with the real database for 700 epochs with mini-batches of 300 examples for each of them . <p> After each epoch we evaluate the network performance @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ as the fraction of examples correctly classified by the network ; the adjective "" categorical "" refers to the binarization of the network output as soft-max neurons actually provide an estimate for the probability of each classe ( e.g. , H versus NH , see Fig. 9 ) and the class finally selected is just the most probable . Notice that , after each epoch , accuracy is measured over the training set as well as the validation set . <p> The evolution of accuracy and loss over epochs , for the H/NH , AF/NAF , and CD/NCD classifiers is shown in Fig. 11 . In general , our learning procedure gives good performances with accuracy around 0.8 -- 0.9 for all classification tasks . In particular , the training and the validation accuracies have a monotonic trend within the considered learning time and the former is always below the latter ( this is a known effect due to dropout regularization , since during training the network deals with an incomplete representation of the data ) . <p> Figure 11 <p> Results for the H/NH classifier ( first row ) @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ( third row ) . Panels in the left and in the right column show , respectively , the evolution of the accuracy and of the loss functions with the number of epochs . The vertical dashed lines denote the pre-training stages . Results are averaged over 20 different network training procedures , where , in each procedure , the dabase is split into a training set ( containing 80% of examples , from the H , AF , CD , or O subsets respectively ) and a validation set ( containing the remaining 20% of examples ) . The solid line corresponds to the average over these procedures , while the coloured area around the curve highlights the standard deviation interval . <p> The underlying idea is to consider a sample of ( N ) patients within each of the highlighted categories ( i.e. H , AF , CD ) and associate to each of them a node of a graph ( mathscrGrmH , rmAF , rmCD ... then , for all the possible couples of nodes within this graph , we measure the similarity between the related time @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ) and ( bfrj ) corresponding to nodes labelled as ( i ) and ( j ) , respectively , provides the weight associated to the link connecting ( i ) and ( j ) . Of course , for any choice of the sample of patients we obtain a different realization of the graphs ( mathscrGrmH , rmAF , rmCD ... and we are interested in any characteristic feature able to discriminate among the three classes and that is robust with respect to the sampling . <h> Graph realization via dynamic time warping <p> Similarity between patient RR-series can be defined in various way , but the key point is that two RR series are similar if they have comparable structure . Probably , the easiest choice would be in terms of the Euclidean distance between points in the two time series that occur at the same time <p> where we accounted for series of possible different length ( ( Line Lj ) ) . This is a good metric for similarity if both time series are in sync and move at exactly the same speed and time ( @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ at exactly the same time ) . However , when the series are out of sync this turns out to be a bad choice . In fact , in this case similar points in the two series could be stretched farther apart by time and the Euclidean distance would then get larger , suggesting , wrongly , that the series are becoming less similar . <p> To overcome this issue , we will adopt the so called "" dynamic time warping "" ( DTW ) 50,51 . This is an algorithm used to measure similarity between two sequences which may vary in time or speed . It works as follows : <p> 1 . <p> Divide the two series into equal points ( n1 , n2 , ldots , nell ) . <p> 2 . <p> Calculate the Euclidean distance between the first point in the first series ( r1(n1) ) and every point in the second series ( r2(ni) ) , ( i=1 , ldots , ell ) . Store the minimum Euclidean distance calculated . <p> 3 . <p> Move to the second point ( n2 ) and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and repeat stage 2 till all points are exhausted . <p> 4 . <p> Repeat 2 and 3 but with the second series as a reference point . <p> 5 . <p> Add up all the minimum distances that were stored and this is a true measure of similarity between the two series . <p> The time complexity of DTW algorithm is ( mathscrO ( L1times L2 ) ) , where ( L1 ) and ( L2 ) are the lengths of the two input sequences . Assuming that ( L1ge L2 ) , the time complexity can be said to be ( mathscrO(L12) ) . Softwares designed to evaluate this distance often implement some optimizations in the algorithms in order to contain the computation time ( see e.g.52 ) . <p> As anticipated , according to the DWT similarity measure we derive a weight ( wij ) between any pair of nodes . This is used to generate a fully-connected , symmetric weighted graph , where the weight associated to the link between the nodes corresponding to ( i ) and ( j ) is simply ( wij ) @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ proceed our analysis by applying an operation ( f : mathbbR+to 0,1 ) , which makes the network un-weighted . A possible choice , determined by a parameter ( k &lt; N ) , is given by <p> where ( mathscrNk(i) ) represents the set including the ( k ) nodes most similar to ( i ) , that is , ( j ) is a nearest neighbour of ( i ) if ( wij ) is among the ( k ) largest values in ( wijmathopj=1 , ldots , Nlimitsjne i ) . <p> The operation ( fk ) defines the adjacency matrix ( Ak ) of the resulting unweighted graph : its ( ( i , j ) ) element is ( Ak ( i , j ) =fk(wij) ) , with ( Ak ( i , i ) =0 ) as we do not allow for self-loops . Notice that ( fk ) does not preserve the symmetry , namely , in general , <p> $$Ak ( i , j ) ne Ak ( j , i ) . $$ <p> ( 2.9 ) <p> Before proceeding @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ raw data , due to computational con"
"<h> Forget Politics , The US Will Lead In Sustainability Because Of Its Entrepreneurs <p> Background : The ideas in this article were significantly sharpened by a panel on "" Life After Covid-19 "" held by Florida Polytechnic University 's Executive Leadership Initiative ( ELI ) . Special thanks to Syd Kitson for explaining the vision behind Babcock Ranch . <p> Babcock Ranch Square <p> Kitson and Partners <p> Climate change has been on the forefront of the public consciousness for many decades . Historically , regions outside of the United States have led on topics of regulatory or government action . Meanwhile , the United States government has traditionally been reluctant to participate , so the lack of engagement of the USA on the Kyoto protocol ( signed 1997 , effective 2005 ) was par for the course . Given this backdrop , it was quite a surprise to see the following headline "" USA meets Kyoto protocol goal -- without ever embracing it . "" In fact , the United States became the first major industrialized country to meet the United Nations original Kyoto Protocol 2012 target for @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ pioneered by entrepreneurs in East Texas called fracking revolutionized extraction of oil and gas . This technology caused natural gas prices to plummet such that coal was a much less interesting fuel source for utilities . As a consequence , most utilities moved their capacity towards natural gas plants and coal based emissions were drastically reduced . <p> While much cleaner than coal , natural gas is still a petrochemical with adverse carbon consequences . Following Kyoto , the Paris accords were signed in 2015 , and the perhaps predictably the United States government left the agreement in 2017 . <p> Will there be technology alternatives driven by entrepreneurs which can again provide solutions ? <p> US Primary Energy Consumption <p> US Energy Information Administration <p> "" Accelerating Technology Adoption is The Key to Solving Climate Change "" argues that accelerating electronics based technologies around virtualization , electrification , and smart infrastructure is in fact the fastest non-linear method to solve climate change . Indeed , massive sectors in the United States are actively absorbing these technologies for purposes of productivity , and an interesting positive side-effect is the positive @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ was "" flattening the curve "" on overall energy consumption and increasing the use of renewables . Covid-19 has reduced overall consumption such that renewables are now poised to eclipse coal . The drivers for all of this change are private markets and the key role of visionary entrepreneurs . <p> Perhaps the most quintessential American entrepreneurship story is the Florida master planned community . A rarity , even in the United States , the master planned community is the ability for a developer to look at a large tract of land and decide to build a city based on a driving vision . <p> Babcock Ranch is the vision of an innovative sustainable community driven by Syd Kitson , Chairman and CEO of Kitson &amp; Partners . Specifically , it offers a living experiment of the potential and most importantly the reality of building sustainable communities which integrate in one place the power of virtualization , electrification , and smart infrastructure . Finally , all of this must be done in a manner which is viable from a business point-of-view . In other words , you must build something @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Center <p> Kitson and Partners <p> So , what are the steps to building a sustainable community which is also a fantastic lifestyle destination ? <p> Preservation : Babcock Ranch consisted of 91,000 acres of largely virgin land with an operating ranch in southwestern Florida . A key part of sustainably is to minimally disturb nature , so the first job is to preserve the core . Upon sale , 73,000 acres were moved to the State of Florida for preservation purposes and the formation of the Babcock Ranch Preserve . The real-estate development was focused on the areas which were already cleared for the old operating ranch . <p> Enable Electrification : If one is to build a sustainable community , the first step is to have renewable energy as the primary source of power . With that in mind , a 150-megawatt solar capability with 10 Mwatts of associated battery storage was built to provide power to the development . The solar power station generates more power then is consumed by the community , so the remainder is pushed to the broader Florida Power and Light grid . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ they are assured that their transportation energy is based on renewable sources . <p> Enable Virtualization : If one is to attract people from all over the world , they must be able to operate remotely ( virtualize ) . Babcock ranch provides giga-bit fiber access to every home . With this core capability , online education , work-at-home , telemedicine , streaming , and ecommerce are all enabled . <p> Enable Last-Mile Transportation : If one is to minimize in town traffic , one must provide convenient transportation services . Babcock Ranch has announced an autonomous shuttle service for residents . <p> Enable Smart Infrastructure : Along with an active farm-to-table program , Babcock ranch has announced smart greenhouse technology which focuses on maximizing yield while minimizing water and space . <p> How are the customers responding ? <p> "" Before Covid-19 , Babcock Ranch was growing to plan . When Covid-19 shutdowns occurred , I told my investors that we might have zero sales . However , I could not have been more wrong . Our sales activity has shot through the roof with over 50 contracts/month , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Ranch . <p> Overall , Babcock Ranch is a very interesting living experiment which demonstrates the bottom-up entrepreneurial nature of sustainability activity in the United States . Will the scaling of experiments such as Babcock Ranch create another Kyoto moment ? Time will tell . <p> Dr. Rahul Razdan is a seasoned scientist and business executive who has had significant roles in the world of academia , startups , and fortune 500 companies . In corporate <p> ... <p> Dr. Rahul Razdan is a seasoned scientist and business executive who has had significant roles in the world of academia , startups , and fortune 500 companies . In corporate roles , he was the Sr Vice President of Strategy for Flextronics ( FLEX ) , General Manager of the System and Functional Verification Business at Cadence Design Systems ( CDNS ) , and Alpha CPU architect at Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) . He has successfully built successful startups in areas such wireless power , machine learning , and low-power electronics design . <p> In academia , beyond a large range of worldwide collaborations , he maintains academic appointments @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and Institute for Human Machine Cognition . Today , he is CEO of Raztech Research Institute ( razinstitute.com ) , a technology based research institute which incubates ideas in the intersection of technology and society . Active projects for the institute include avvc.net in the area of autonomous vehicles , nextgenedu.net in the area of STEM education , and anew-da.com in the area of EDA for long life cycle products . He has a BS ( 1984 ) and MS ( 1985 ) from CMU and Phd from Harvard University ( 1994 ) ."
"<p> Even so , Tesla 's poaching of Lattner back in January made headlines . Lattner is famous in the software-development world as the creator of Apple 's enormously popular Swift programming language . <p> The person we spoke with would n't share the details of what caused tension between Lattner and Musk . But there was a hint in whom it chose to replace Lattner : a hardware guy , Jim Keller . Keller is a legendary chip architect who once worked for AMD and now "" has overall responsibility for Autopilot hardware and software , "" Tesla says . <p> Tesla is developing its own hardware for its self-driving Autopilot feature after its chip supplier Mobileye chose not to renew its contract with Tesla some months after a Model S owner died in an accident while Autopilot was activated . <p> The new hardware requires new software . <p> For the software portion , the company hired Andrej Karpathy , a guy known to be a brilliant scientist in computer vision and deep learning but who lacks the experience running a team that is building software on deadlines @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Musk . The good news ? He already has experience working with the notoriously demanding Musk . Karpathy was working as a research scientist at Musk 's nonprofit OpenAI . That 's a group Musk cofounded to develop artificial intelligence technologies . Musk serves at its chairman . <p> As Business Insider 's Danielle Muoio points out , in the past seven months , three executives overseeing the Autopilot software have left the company : Sterling Anderson , David Nist ? r , and now Lattner . And that 's raising eyebrows given some of the public promises Musk has made for the new Autopilot system , including a vow in October that a Tesla car would drive autonomously from Los Angeles to New York by the end of 2017 . <p> As for Lattner , we heard that Uber contacted him immediately for its self-driving program and the option to return to Apple may still be available but that he has n't chosen his next move yet . <p> When we reached out to Lattner for comment , he pointed us to his updated r ? sum ? . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a lot , worked my butt off , met a lot of great people , and had a lot of fun . I 'm still a firm believer in Tesla , its mission , and the exceptional Autopilot team : I wish them well . """
"<p> Craig B. Thompson , chief executive of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center , will no longer serve on the board of drug maker Merck . Just last year , he received $300,000 in compensation for that position , in addition to an executive package of about $6.7 million at the **25;1183;TOOLONG Zimmerman/Getty Images <p> This article was reported and written in a collaboration with ProPublica , the nonprofit journalism organization . <p> Dr. Craig B. Thompson , the chief executive of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center , said Tuesday that he would resign his seats on the boards of drug maker Merck and another public company , the latest fallout from a widening institutional reckoning over relationships between cancer center leaders and for-profit health care companies . <p> Dr. Thompson has served on the board of Merck , the maker of the blockbuster cancer drug Keytruda , since 2008 . He has been on the board of Charles River Laboratories , a publicly traded company that assists research in early drug development , since 2013 . <p> The compensation for the two corporate boards is in addition to what he is paid as chief executive at Memorial Sloan @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ nation 's leading cancer centers . In 2016 , he received $6.7 million in total compensation from the hospital and related organizations , according to the most recent Internal Revenue Service filings . <p> The resignations are effective immediately . A spokesman for the hospital said the compensation Dr. Thompson received from both companies this year would be deferred until he is 72 . <p> "" I believe this is the right decision for Memorial Sloan Kettering and will allow me to redouble my focus on M.S.K. priorities : quality patient care , faculty , scientists and staff , "" Dr. Thompson said in a memo sent to the hospital staff . He has been the chief executive of the hospital since 2010 . <p> At one meeting with hospital staff , Dr. Thompson apologized for his handling of staff reaction to the issues outlined in the articles , and acknowledged that he had not adequately reined in the industry relationships of the hospital 's former chief medical officer , Dr. Jos ? Baselga , who has since resigned . <p> At another meeting , reserved for medical staff members @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ no-confidence vote in the hospital 's top leaders , and asked what steps they needed to take to do that , according to several participants in the meeting . <p> In an interview Tuesday , Dr. Nadeem R. Abu-Rustum , the president of the medical staff , said a small number of doctors had wanted a no-confidence vote in the hospital 's leadership , but were now satisfied by Dr. Thompson 's decision . <p> "" These same colleagues are not interested in moving forward with a vote of no confidence , "" Dr. Abu-Rustum said . "" The steps that have been made and taken since the meeting by our leadership have addressed the most important concerns to the medical staff and the associate medical staff and really represents a real progress . "" <p> In addition to resigning his board positions , Dr. Thompson also said Tuesday that Memorial Sloan Kettering would give physicians a greater voice in its operations and would conduct an analysis to understand what had gone wrong at the hospital in recent weeks "" so that we ensure our path forward is expertly guided @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ month , articles in The Times and ProPublica have outlined leaders ' ties to for-profit companies , including an exclusive deal the hospital made with an artificial intelligence start-up to license images of 25 million tissue slides . The company was founded by Memorial Sloan Kettering insiders , including a member of the executive board , the chair of the pathology department and the head of a research lab . <p> After members of the pathology lab objected to the deal , the head of the department announced he would divest his stake . <p> Another article detailed how a hospital vice president held a nearly $1.4 million stake in a newly public company as compensation for representing Memorial Sloan Kettering on its board . The hospital said last week that a new policy would prohibit compensation in such situations and that the vice president would turn over his stake to the hospital . <p> Dr. Thompson 's decision to leave two boards does not affect the eight other Memorial Sloan Kettering officials who serve on the boards of outside companies . A task force that was created in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a policy that would prohibit executives from holding such roles , hospital leaders have said . <p> Dr. Thompson also holds an equity stake in Agios Pharmaceuticals , a cancer start-up he founded based on research he conducted at the University of Pennsylvania before joining Memorial Sloan Kettering . Dr. Thompson settled lawsuits several years ago that were filed by Penn and an affiliated research center , which contended that he hid research to start Agios and did not share the earnings with Penn or the research institute . Dr. Thompson disputed the allegations . <p> Dr. Thompson 's seat on the Merck board was brought up at Monday 's staff meeting . Douglas A. Warner III , chairman of the hospital 's board of directors , said that when Dr. Thompson arrived at Memorial Sloan Kettering , the hospital board viewed his position at Merck as a "" good thing . "" <p> On Monday , Mr. Warner said , "" we need to step back from that now and ask ourselves whether that continues to be appropriate , whether it 's appropriate in the future . "" <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ expertise , perspective and dedication to patient care have contributed greatly to Merck 's mission . His contributions demonstrate why it is so important to have leaders from the medical community represented on the board . "" <p> A spokeswoman for Charles River Laboratories referred questions to Memorial Sloan Kettering . <p> A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B2 of the New York edition with the headline : Cancer Center 's Chief Quits Boards of 2 Medical Companies . Order Reprints Today 's Paper Subscribe"
"<h> Could Apple , Amazon and Facebook be among companies that will be around in 100 years ? <p> Douglas A. McIntyre <p> 24/7 Wall Street <p> When so many of the world 's most successful companies were founded less than two decades ago and already have stiff competition , it seems improbable that any business can survive 100 years . Yet , some of the most successful businesses in the world continue to thrive 100 years after their foundings . Ford was founded in 1903 , General Electric in 1892 , AT&amp;T in 1885 and Kroger in 1883 . Each has been a Fortune 50 company at some point in the past five years . Others have been for decades . <p> One key to survival has been adaptability , although some companies are basically in the same business as when they were founded . Kroger is still a grocery store , but it has moved from one store to hundreds . People need to shop for food , in person , just as they did over a century ago . Troubled GE was founded as an appliance company . Over the years , it evolved into a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> It is important not to ignore the value of brand trust and brand loyalty . These factors are based on human judgment unlikely to change in the future . The trust in each of these brands is very high . <p> These 10 companies will still be around in 100 years , although they may have to change their business models at least modestly . <h> Coca-Cola <p> Coca-Cola Co. sells several beverages , the most famous of which is Coke . It has been in business since 1886 . Will it survive another 100 years ? It may not sell sugar-based Coke as it does now . However , it has proven it can be adaptable . Diet Coke caters to people who want something without any calories . As people moved toward bottled water , Coke bought Dasani . It moved into the athletic drink business with Powerade . Coke has been ranked among the world 's most valuable brands for decades . When people 's tastes change in the future , Coke will be there with new products . <h> JPMorgan <p> JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , is involved in consumer banks , electronic payments , commercial banking , stock and bond trading and global finance . Will some of these businesses disappear ? Almost certainly . Will the need to have some equivalent to money and a way to "" store it "" and use it for transactions be around ? Yes . <p> The argument can be made that capital like bitcoin will replace traditional banking . In some cases that may be true . However , people and institutions will still want a trusted company to be at the center of transactions . JPMorgan has built that trust over decades , and trust in financial transactions will not disappear . <h> Tesla <p> Tesla Inc. will be in business in 100 years . Its poll position in electric cars and autonomous vehicles will be part of the reason . Its unique ability to adapt will be its cornerstone . Like Ford , it will take its brand through decades of evolution , even if cars become flying modes of transportation or they can travel thousands of miles . Tesla is the Ford , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , perhaps several times over several decades . <h> Facebook <p> Facebook Inc. is at the center of global personal communication with nearly 2 million members , an impressive percentage of the world 's population . It is hard to believe that people will migrate to another platform because Facebook has such a substantial lead in social media . Will Facebook allow people to meet one another personally ? Perhaps . Will Facebook become the leader in an advanced form of telecommunication ? Almost certainly . Will anyone catch its web of members who already have placed their personal information online and have a web of friends ? Unlikely . <h> Berkshire Hathaway <p> Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has the advantage of being a conglomerate , an advantage GE had for decades . The key to a strong conglomerate is the ability to pick the best businesses to own or invest in . Those skills are unlikely to disappear as part of global business . <p> Will Berkshire Hathaway , originally , a clothing company , be able to change substantially ? The skills to employ capital to own companies will @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ will disappear . Its ownership of real estate sales and insurance may not . Its DNA , however , is owning large parts of other firms , like Apple , Coca-Cola and Kraft Heinz , and that will remain . It is , in essence , a skill for deploying capital . <h> Apple <p> Apple Inc. ' s primary business of building and selling hardware may be gone in a few decades . People may not need these devices . However , Apple has what it calls an "" ecosystem "" of people loyal to its brands , products and services . This system has hundreds of millions of members . Apple caters to its demand for media , cloud computing and financial transactions . The army of loyal customers will be hard to replace by brands to which people have less loyalty . <h> Amazon <p> Like Apple , Amazon.com Inc. has hundreds of millions of members . It also has three powerful businesses . The first is e-commerce . There is a strong argument people will not buy goods online and have them shipped . However , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ delivering . Amazon may own an advanced version of that system . <p> Two other Amazon businesses are likely to survive . The first is artificial intelligence-based communications methods and devices . Amazon 's lead with this today is its Alexa-powered software . Amazon has had a skill for being in the lead in essential software . Amazon 's cloud storage business also likely will survive and evolve , as people and businesses want to store data in protected and remote locations . <h> Mastercard <p> Like JPMorgan , Mastercard Inc. is already in the business of the safe movement and storage of capital . It has evolved into an electronic means of payment . Once , again , trust and a history of secure transactions will continue to be a factor of transactions well into the future . And Mastercard has a network of hundreds of millions of vendors already plugged into its systems . One of Mastercard 's other advantages is its ability to handle employee transactions for multinational companies . <h> The New York Times <p> The New York Times Co. may be the most trusted medium @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ news . Its entire staff of reporters has two jobs . One is to collect facts . The other is to confirm them . The value of these will not disappear in the future . This company is already over 100 years old , and it has morphed its means of communication over time . As the use of physical papers has declined , The New York Times has moved online . Its 5 million online subscribers are likely the largest number of any medium in America . <h> Airbnb <p> Airbnb is at the heart of the business of finding locations with trusted owners , rented by trusted renters . This screening system will evolve and become more trusted . However , the market for people who want to use real estate that they do not own is unlikely to go away . The key to examining these locations may become virtual . The means of payment may become virtual as well . However , the requirements for its business will not go away . <p> 24/7 Wall Street is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ."
"<h> Where top VCs are investing in media , entertainment &amp; gaming <p> Most of the strategy discussions and news coverage in the media and entertainment industry is concerned with the unfolding corporate mega-mergers and the political implications of social media platforms . <p> These are important conversations , but they 're largely a story of twentieth-century media ( and broader society ) finally responding to the dominance Web 2.0 companies have achieved . <p> To entrepreneurs and VCs , the more pressing focus is on what the next generation of companies to transform entertainment will look like . Like other sectors , the underlying force is advances in artificial intelligence and computing power . <p> In this context , that results in a merging of gaming and linear storytelling into new interactive media . To highlight the opportunities here , I asked nine top VCs to share where they are putting their money . <h> Cyan Banister , Partner at Founders Fund <p> "" In 2018 I was obsessed with the idea of how you can bring AI and entertainment together . Having made early investments in Brud , A.I. Foundation , Artie and Fable , it became @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a lack of memory ."
"<p> The Wall , which is aimed for use in homes , will be available in 75 , 88 , 93 , 110 , 150 , or 292-inches , it said at its First Look event . <p> The 88-inch and 150-inch models will come with an "" ultra-slim design "" and be bezel-less . <p> Being modular , the TVs can also be combined to make different shapes , Samsung said . <p> The conglomerate first introduced MicroLED TVs at CES 2018 , and since then , has offered TV models ranging from 75 , 146 , 219 , and 292-inches that use this technology . <p> The smaller panels remained prototypes so far , however . The company has only sold the larger models in luxury models and aimed at the enterprise sector . <p> Micro LED TVs use individual micrometer-sized LED modules as singular pixels . Much like OLEDs , it emits light on its own to provide a superior contrast ratio compared to conventional LCD TVs . However , production of them remains extremely expensive , and Samsung is yet to announce pricing for its new models . <p> Samsung also showed off the 2020 @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in what the firm calls an "" infinity design "" where the TVs are completely bezel-less . They will also come with an object-tracking sound feature . <p> They will also come with an artificial intelligence processor , called AI Quantum Processor 8K , that will upscale non-8K content to 8K , it added . <p> The company also said it would begin global sales of its lifestyle TV model , Sero , which can pivot between horizontal and vertical orientations , and was previously only sold in South Korea . <p> You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet 's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters . You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time . <p> You agree to receive updates , alerts , and promotions from the CBS family of companies - including ZDNet 's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters . You may unsubscribe at any time . <p> By signing up , you agree to receive the selected newsletter(s) which you may unsubscribe from at any time . You also agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge the data @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @"
"<h> Royal Australian Air Force unveils unmanned Boeing aircraft <p> The Royal Australian Air Force and Boeing Australia unveiled the first military aircraft designed in Australia in over 50 years . <p> The Australian government invested $40 million in the program and was Boeing 's largest investment in a new unmanned aircraft program based outside of the U.S. <p> We 're proud to be part of the #LoyalWingman unmanned aircraft program . The 1st prototype of the 1st military aircraft to be designed &amp; built in Australia in more than 50 years was unveiled today by @BoeingAustralia . <p> Dubbed the Loyal Wingman , the autonomous unmanned aircraft will have a 3,700-kilometer range . It uses artificial intelligence to broaden the capabilities of manned and unmanned platforms , according to the Boeing press release . <p> The Royal Australian Air Force debuted the first prototype of the design on Twitter . A video shows the airplane-shaped Loyal Wingman flying alongside others with people inside . <p> "" We are proud to take this significant step forward with the Royal Australian Air Force and show the potential for smart unmanned teaming to serve as a force multiplier , "" Kristin Robertson , vice president and general manager of Autonomous Systems for Boeing Defense , Space &amp; Security , said . <p> "" We look forward to getting the aircraft into flight testing and proving out the unmanned teaming concept . We see global allies with those same mission needs , which is why this program is so important to advancing the development of the Boeing Airpower Teaming System . "" <p> Prime Minister Scott Morrison said the Loyal Wingman will protect the country 's most valuable military aircraft and its pilots . It will also create jobs and boost global export potential by expanding the local defense industry , according to a Defence press release . <p> "" The Loyal Wingman program has helped support around 100 high-tech jobs in Australia , "" Morrison said . "" Such projects will be critical to bolster growth and support jobs as the economy recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic. """
"<p> "" There is a growing body of evidence that , for at least some of the most frequent young users , this may be having unintentional negative consequences , "" according to the letter from the investors , who combined own about $2 billion in Apple shares . The "" growing societal unease "" is "" at some point is likely to impact even Apple . "" <p> "" Addressing this issue now will enhance long-term value for all shareholders , "" the letter said . <p> An Apple spokesman declined to comment on the letter , which was reported earlier by the Wall Street Journal . <h> Parental Controls <p> It 's a problem most companies would kill to have : Young people liking a product too much . But as smartphones become ubiquitous , government leaders and Silicon Valley alike have wrestled for ways to limit their inherent intrusiveness . <p> France , for instance , has moved to ban the use of smartphones in its primary and middle schools . Meanwhile , Android co-founder Andy Rubin is seeking to apply artificial intelligence to phones so that @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ handled . <p> Apple already offers some parental controls , such as the Ask to Buy feature , which requires parental approval to buy goods and services . Restrictions can also be placed on access to some apps , content and data usage . <p> The activist pressure is the latest in a series of challenges for the tech giant . Last week , Cupertino , California-based Apple said that all of its Mac computers and iOS devices , which include both the iPhones and iPads , faced security vulnerabilities due to flawed chips made by Intel Corp . At the tail end of 2017 , the company apologized to customers for software changes that resulted in older versions of its iPhones running slower than newly introduced editions ."
"<h> Professor 's research paints picture of #MeToo movement 's origins <p> On Oct. 15 , 2017 , actress Alyssa Milano sparked a firestorm on social media when she asked her Twitter followers to reply "" me too "" if they had ever been sexually harassed or assaulted . ( Social justice activist Tarana Burke founded the "" Me Too "" movement more than 10 years ago as a way to help sexual assault survivors heal . ) What followed were 1.5 million responses -- many from sexual assault survivors sharing their experiences , others from people showing support and some from critics -- all using the hashtag #MeToo . <p> Meanwhile , San Francisco State University Assistant Professor of Economics Sepideh Modrek watched the movement unfold online from her home . Her Twitter feed filled up with friends and acquaintances disclosing details of their own abuse , she says , and something compelled her to start archiving the tweets . One night she stayed up until 2 a.m. taking screenshots of #MeToo tweets , ultimately compiling 400 pages of shots . She did n't know it at the time , but this would be the foundation for her @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ people were sharing details . They were writing things like , ' When I was 15 , this happened , ' "" she said . "" I was seeing pretty intimate details being shared in a public forum in a way I 'd never thought people would do . I was impressed and captivated . "" <p> Her research , published Sept. 3 in the Journal of Medical Internet Research , is a snapshot of the online movement during that first week when it reached critical mass . With the help of machine learning , Modrek and her research assistant Bozhidar Chakalov studied more than 12,000 #MeToo tweets posted between Oct. 15 and 21 . After applying and gaining access to Twitter 's application programming interface , or API , they were able to count every undeleted #MeToo tweet . They then downloaded a representative subset , which helped them describe magnitude of the movement in terms of size , demographics and the personal narratives shared . <p> They found that 11% of all novel tweets ( meaning tweets that were n't retweets , replies to other replies or messages @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ assault or abuse . Nearly 6% of those incidents occurred early in life ( any time before the age 22 ) . <p> The majority of people sharing were white women between the ages of 25 and 50 . What 's striking is that women were reporting these events 20 to 30 years after they happened , Modrek says . "" They still remember it . There 's clear enduring trauma associated with each disclosure , "" she said . <p> Modrek 's analysis also showed that voices were systematically missing . For example , African American women were less likely to disclose details on Twitter , but other data shows that they are equally or more likely to have experienced sexual abuse or assault . <p> To be included in their data pool the #MeToo tweets had to meet certain criteria . They had to be novel , in English and geotagged in the U.S. This shrank their data set from 1.5 million to just over 12,000 tweets . Part of the reason for the parameters was so they could hone in on tweets that contained personal disclosures of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ since the start of the #MeToo movement , the largest public discourse on sexual violence in history . A lot has changed in that time , says Modrek , including some people 's perceptions of the movement . But she hopes her research will remind people of the movement 's significance and the possibility that ( as she wrote in her research ) it helped bring about a "" deeper understanding of the prevalence , early life experience and enduring trauma of sexual assault and abuse . "" <p> "" A lot of people spoke up and publicly shared these experiences , "" she said , "" and it completely changed our dialogue . I wanted to capture and honor their courage . "" <p> This document is subject to copyright . Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research , no part may be reproduced without the written permission . The content is provided for information purposes only . <h> E-mail the story <h> Professor 's research paints picture of #MeToo movement 's origins <h> Note <p> Your email address is used only to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ your address nor the recipient 's address will be used for any other purpose . The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form . <p> Your message <h> Newsletter sign up <p> Get weekly and/or daily updates delivered to your inbox . You can unsubscribe at any time and we 'll never share your details to third parties . <h> Your Privacy <p> This site uses cookies to assist with navigation , analyse your use of our services , and provide content from third parties . By using our site , you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use ."
"<p> Aquariums could soon be home to animatronic dolphins , and visitors might not even know the difference right away . <p> Edge Innovations , a company in New Zealand , is combining artificial intelligence and animatronics to foster a human zoo or aquarium experience . "" The marine park industry has had falling revenues for over a decade due to ethical concerns and the cost of live animals , yet the public hunger to learn about and experience these animals is still as strong as ever , "" designer Roger Holzberg told The Guardian . <p> Visiting a marine park and seeing shows with live dolphins can be exciting and educational for people , but detrimental to the animals ' health . So , Edge Innovations enlisted American designers , including Walt Disney Company alums and Walt Conti , the designer behind Free Willy . <p> Animatronic dolphin . Edge Innovations <p> Robotic dolphins are n't cheap -- they will likely run about $26 million each , according to The Guardian . Edge Innovation claims that they will last longer , and they do n't have the same maintenance requirements as large ocean mammals . The animatronics will @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to promotional materials . <p> Animatronic dolphin . Edge Innovations <p> Not only will these robots provide a more humane way to have the experience of interacting with sea creatures , the company sees a future for the animatronics beyond aquariums . Edge Innovation 's website suggests hotels , cruises , malls , and museums as other potential venues , and they do n't plan to just stop with dolphins . The website mentions great white sharks and sea dragons as other options in the future . <p> Animatronic dolphin . Edge Innovations <p> The animatronic dolphins are shockingly realistic , and could easily be mistaken for the real thing . They weigh nearly 600 pounds each . In fact , making them indistinguishable from real dolphins was one of the conditions for investment in the project . An audience was unable to recognize that they were robotic , according to the Guardian . <p> Animatronic dolphin . Edge Innovations <p> The robots are remote-controlled and can last up to ten hours on a single charge . They 're being developed for a new aquarium in China , although they @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> Newsletter <p> Get a daily round up of our most popular tech stories . Sign up for our Tech newsletter . <p> LoadingSomething is loading . <p> Email address <p> By clicking ' Sign up ' , you agree to receive marketing emails from Business Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy ."
"<h> OBIO Announces 12 New OBIO CAAP ? Companies for 2018 <p> May 17 , 2018 02:58 PM Eastern Daylight Time <p> TORONTO-- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) --The Ontario Bioscience Innovation Organization ( OBIO ? ) is proud to announce its 2018 Capital Access Advisory Program ( CAAP ? ) and the 12 high-potential health science companies in this year 's cohort . Now in its sixth year , this year 's OBIO CAAP companies will work with OBIO and a vast network of expert advisors over the next year to achieve key goals and objectives which will position them for successful financing . OBIO CAAP companies are advancing and accelerating the development and commercialization of therapeutics , diagnostics , medical devices and digital health products and services to benefit Ontario and global human health . <p> "" OBIO CAAP is a unique program for high-potential health science companies in Ontario . They receive personalized coaching , access to a global network of expert advisors , and strategic investor introductions that will ultimately drive fundraising success and lead to business and job growth , "" said Gail Garland , OBIO President and CEO . <p> "" I highly encourage @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ as possible , "" said Anton Neschadim , CEO of ImmunoBiochem , a 2017 OBIO CAAP company . "" During OBIO CAAP , the guidance and advice given to us was superb ! The OBIO team understand and have the appropriate experience to guide life sciences companies effectively . During the OBIO CAAP year , we were provided with solid feedback on the content of our investor collaterals and strategy . There was great support and willingness to dig deep into the science , competitors , regulatory space , and truly refine our story . In summary , OBIO CAAP helped us get to a point of top investor readiness for our next round of financing . "" <p> Some of the cutting edge and high impact technologies that companies in this year 's 2018 OBIO CAAP program are developing and commercializing include : decision tools to impact treatment of cancer , mobile apps that facilitate doctor house visits , aftermarket technology that increases safety of powered wheelchairs , non-invasive digital diagnostic for skin cancer , and a transparent antibacterial adhesive film for touch screens . <p> Learn more about @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ below : <p> Adapsyn Bioscience has developed a bioinformatics platform that uses machine learning and microbial genomic and metabolomic data to identify novel natural products that can be developed as biomarkers or therapeutics . <p> Polumiros has developed ReFilxTM , a polymeric filler that provides breast cancer patients a cosmetically superior and minimally-invasive solution for the restoration of tissue defects following lumpectomy . <p> Rna Diagnostics is transforming cancer treatment with their RNA Disruption Assay , a treatment response monitoring technology that allows oncologist to know early on if cancer treatment is efficacious or should be stopped . <p> Steadiwear has created a lightweight battery-free glove , called Steadiglove , that reduces hand tremors in Essential Tremor and Parkinson 's Disease allowing patients to do their daily activities with less frustration and more independence . <p> TheOBIO Capital Access Advisory Program ( CAAP ? ) is an intensive goal driven program of coaching and targeted advisor and investor introductions . The program drives fundraising success for health science companies looking to raise post-seed funding and operates downstream from existing entrepreneurship programs . It is a collaborative initiative between OBIO , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ from the Ontario health science community and investors from across Canada and the U.S. to accelerate growth of this important Ontario industry sector . <p> The Ontario Bioscience Innovation Organization ( OBIO ? ) founded in 2009 , is a not-for-profit , membership-based organization engaged in strategy , programming , policy development and advocacy to further the commercialization of Ontario 's human health technologies positioning Ontario as a leader in the international marketplace . OBIO advances this goal through collaborative partnerships with industry , the investment community , academia , the health system and government ."
"<h> The Tongues of Rogues <h> How secret languages develop in closed societies . <p> On All Hallows Day , 1566 , a beggar appeared at the door of a wealthy Kentish landowner and author named Thomas Harman . The beggar was naked from the waist up , his clothes were dirty , and his face was smeared with blood . He said that his name was Nicholas Jennings and that he was just out of Bedlam Hospital , having been afflicted with epilepsy for the past eight years . But Harman was having none of it . He told Jennings to go away and sent two boys to follow the beggar on his way . Trailing Jennings into London , the boys watched as he shed and assumed identities like suits of clothes . He applied blood from a bladder to renew his wounds , then transformed himself entirely , first into a sailor who had lost his ship at sea and then into a hatmaker who was new in town and looking for work . <p> Jennings was a "" false beggar "" and a "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ than most . For several years he had been at work on a book that would expose all the "" lewd loiterers "" and "" crafty cranks "" who roamed the countryside cheating , stealing , and looking for alms . In the course of investigations for this tract , published in 1567 as A Caveat or Warning for Common Cursetors , he came to realize that there was more to these vagabonds than met the eye . The rogues of England were governed by an elaborate hierarchy , running from Abram Men , who feigned madness , and Bawdy Baskets , female peddlers , all the way up to Upright Men , who commanded authority among the beggars in the land and could levy a tax on all those they met . Not only were beggars organized in their own society , but they also spoke a language of their own : cant . <p> Also known as peddler 's French , cant was the specialized tongue of thieves , cutpurses , and con artists . More than just slang or jargon , cant was an independent language , unintelligible @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to the playwright Thomas Dekker , "" none but themselves should understand . "" Harman 's informants claimed that cant had been invented 30 years before in a cave by Cock Lorel , a legendary rogue and the king of the Gypsies , and while this almost certainly was n't true , it points to something else that was -- cant was a recent creation , and not a unique one . <p> Advertisement <p> Practically every major European language had a canting speech of its own . In Spain , it was called german ? a ; in Holland , bargoens ; and in Portugal , cal ? o . The French jargon came to light in the trial of a group of Burgundian bandits in the year 1455 -- almost the same time that the great poet Francois Villon was composing ballads in the same exquisite and obscure language . Luther himself warned against the German rotwelsch or red Welsh , complaining that beggars had used it to gull him more times than he cared to admit and placing the blame for its arcane vocabulary squarely on the Jews @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ were trying to standardize and purify their vernaculars into literary languages , they were discovering that they were already corrupt , riddled with dialects whose sole purpose was to deceive , to defraud , and to conceal . <p> The secret language of Jewish cattle traders , nicknamed Loshen-Koudesh , persisted into the 20th century in Orange Country , N.Y . <p> That this almost universal tendency of human beings to create secret dialects out of the languages they speak shares something with poetry forms the opening premise for Daniel Heller-Roazen 's learned , perplexing , and occasionally scintillating new book , Dark Tongues : The Art of Rogues and Riddlers . It 's a slim book , made up of 11 short chapters on connected , though not necessarily related , topics . He begins by arguing that cant , with its exuberant deformation of traditional language , is itself a form of art : "" To the degree to which thieves ' cants join and disjoin the phonological and semantic levels in their procedures , they come close , in structure , to the variety of literary discourse that @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ between sound and sense . ' That variety is poetry . "" But as the chapters progress , they roam further and further from the book 's original idea , spiraling out to consider a host of tangentially related subjects , from troubadour poetry and Old Norse riddles to the side projects of the linguist Ferdinand de Saussure . By the time we reach the final sections , which consider the possible existence of hidden sound patterns in early Latin poetry and Tristan Tzara 's obsession with anagrams in the works of Francois Villon , we 're left wondering what happened to the rogues and riddlers promised by the book 's subtitle . <p> The diffuseness of Dark Tongues is of a piece with the rest of Heller-Roazen 's work . As an academic -- he 's a professor of comparative literature at Princeton -- he has made habit out of eclecticism . In 10 years , he 's published books on a remarkable range of topics : the forgetting of language , piracy and the law , Pythagoras and harmony , Aristotle 's idea of the "" inner touch "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's books are essentially collections of essays , which trace an idea as it jumps across history , from Ancient Greece through Rome and the Arab world , before surfacing in the works of his favorite modernist authors and scholars : Benjamin , Jakobson , Joyce , and Freud . His chapters , sometimes brief enough to be called fragments , are invariably suggestive and , given the deep learning that underpins them , surprisingly light on their feet . He makes for an able guide with a gift for finding unexpected paths through the thicket of Western tradition . <p> Still , reading Dark Tongues , I found myself wishing that Heller-Roazen had been more willing to venture outside the green fields of philology . Literary historical nuggets , such as the troubadours ' practice of not naming their love objects or the Hittites ' habit of assigning multiple names to their deities , can be intriguing , but they distract from the central premise of the book , which is fascinating enough on its own . Not only that : It seems , in a deep way , to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ they are n't just the special domain of vagabonds . They show up in every nation , and they belong to a surprising range of social groups . <p> Historically , cryptolects have been especially prevalent among service nomads : outsiders who provide settled populations with services they lack but are nonetheless met with hostility and mistrust , such as Gypsy coppersmiths , Irish Travelers , or the Sheikh Mohammadi peddlers of Afghanistan . Merchants the world over have developed their own languages to hide the true nature of their business from others . Examples include the specialized dialects of Yemeni businessman , Cairene goldsmiths , French butchers , Parisian prostitutes , Irish masons , and Jewish cattle traders , whose specialized dialect , nicknamed Loshen-Koudesh , appears to have persisted into the 20th century in , of all places , Orange County , N.Y . <p> Courtesy of Zone Books <p> Sometimes , cants jump between subcultures . Calunga , an Afro-Brazilian cryptolect spoken only by men , preserves a large number of Bantu-derived words brought to Brazil by slaves from Angola . In England , Parlyaree , the language @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ milieu into the merchant marine , eventually turning into Polari , the secret language of English gay men and women until it fell out of use in the 1970s . At other times , cants become almost universal . In a study of a cryptolect spoken on an island off the coast of Panama , the linguist Michael Aceto made a list of occasions when it was used : by children , to exclude their peers ; by students , to conceal things from their teachers ; by parents , who wanted to communicate privately in front of their children ; and by locals , who did n't want to be understood by outsiders . With so many uses , it seems strange that it could be used to conceal anything from anyone . <p> In fact , some secret languages are n't about secrecy at all . Often , they are products of the marginality of the people who speak them . Every group that is , in some way , set apart from a dominant , settled society because of ethnicity , caste , or profession -- whether Jews @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ liable over time either to retain its original tongue or , by dint of exclusion , to develop a language of its own . This holds for crooks as well . David W. Maurer , the 20th century 's leading student of American underworld slang , reported in The Big Con that most of his criminal informants were "" amused at the idea that crooks are supposed to deceive people with their lingo . "" Maurer spent decades studying the specialized language of pickpockets , con men , drug users , safecrackers , counterfeiters , and moonshiners and found that in most cases their individual cant or argot was simply a mark of their profession , "" a union card ... which takes several years to acquire and which is difficult to counterfeit . "" <p> Secrecy ends up being something of a blind alley in Dark Tongues . Instead of diving into speculation about the existence of poetic codes , Heller-Roazen might have been better served by paying more attention to the lives of his original protagonists -- or even to the poetry inherent in cant itself . After all @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" to sing , "" and it 's hard to deny the "" hesitation between sound and sense "" in many of the dialogues recorded by Harman and his followers . Take this sentence : "" The jug where his cush is , is an eye gaff , and I 'm afraid of Old Poison getting the beef . "" What would a trained literary scholar make of that ? Unfortunately , we do n't know , because it 's from Maurer 's The Big Con , not Heller-Roazen 's book . <p> If Heller-Roazen had been interested in the answer , he might have written a less polite book , and one that could live up to the menace of its title . Dark Tongues opens a door , but cant is still waiting for a 21st-century successor to Thomas Harman and David Maurer . Whoever takes up the task ought to be less preoccupied with the words of scholars and more alive to cant 's place in the language we speak every day , as we go about filching loot , wearing duds , drinking pruno , roping marks @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @"
"<p> The Institute of Cancer Research , London , is one of the world 's most influential cancer research institutes , with an outstanding record of achievement dating back more than 100 years . We provided the first convincing evidence that DNA damage is the basic cause of cancer , laying the foundation for the now universally accepted idea that cancer is a genetic disease . Today , The Institute of Cancer Research ( ICR ) leads the world at isolating cancer-related genes and discovering new targeted drugs for personalised cancer treatment . <p> Under the leadership of our Chief Executive , Professor Paul Workman FRS , the ICR is ranked as the UK 's leading academic research centre . Together with our partner The Royal Marsden , we are rated in the top five cancer centres globally . <p> The ICR is committed to attracting , developing and retaining the best minds in the world to join us in our mission -- to make the discoveries that defeat cancer . <p> Vacancy Description <p> The Breast Cancer Now Toby Robins Research Centre at the ICR is the first centre @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Our goal is to advance research into the causes , diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer . It is located in state-of-the-art laboratory space , with excellent core facilities and funding . <p> The Functional Genomics laboratory headed by Dr. Rachael Natrajan is a multidisciplinary laboratory with the mission to develop new treatment strategies for breast cancers resistant to standard of care therapies.The lab uses state of the art molecular profiling such as single cell sequencing and spatial genomic profiling on patient samples throughout disease progression to understand the molecular evolution of breast cancer and response to targeted therapies . Together with molecular barcoding strategies in patient derived models , mechanistic hypotheses are evaluated in vitro and in vivo and candidate biomarkers or therapeutic options are tested pre-clinically that informs the design of proof of concept clinical trials or drug discovery programmes . We have made novel advances into the understanding of genomic alterations and their impact on breast cancer in different contexts and how to target these effectively ( including Maguire et al J. of Pathology 2015 , PMID 25424858 ; Bajrami et al Cancer Res 2014 , PMID @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> The Bioinformatics Team uses statistical and machine learning approaches to analyse/ interpret genomics datasets from cancer cells , PDX/PDO models and patient studies . The team pursues hypothesis-driven research as well as data-mining of public cancer datasets to generate new hypothesis , which are subsequently tested in collaboration with the wet-lab scientists in the division . Our work has led to significant advances in both bioinformatics and understanding of breast cancer ( including Haider et al . JCO PO 2020 , DOI : 10.1200/PO.20.00016 ; Haider et al . Nat . Comms. 2018 , PMID 30420699 ; Baxter et al . Nat . Comms. 2018 , PMID 29531215 ) . We are equipped with both freely available and in-house developed software and pipelines supporting our computational needs . Much of the computational work is carried out at the ICR 's High Performance Compute Cluster . <p> We are seeking a post-doctoral training fellow analytical scientist with experience in single cell bioinformatics to join the Breast Cancer Research Functional Genomics and Bioinformatics Groups . Our goal is to use single cell sequencing approaches to investigate the sub-clonal make up @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ molecular markers and targetable pathways of breast cancer . Results will be validated by wet lab members within the team . <p> You will work as part of a team of inter-disciplinary data scientists who are experts in single cell genomic analysis , NGS-data analysis , machine learning and software development ; and therefore offering unique learning opportunities . Your work will focus on the development and validation of hypotheses , dissecting genetic/genomic and transcriptomic assays to delineate driver genes and pathways of breast cancer . The work will include application of existing tools using in-house and publicly available datasets . These datasets will require strong analytical skills to perform integrated analysis and visualisation of complex multi-omic datasets . You will have opportunities to create/optimise computational pipelines and develop new methods for the analysis and interpretation of big data in breast cancer . You will work closely with experimental biologists and hence it is essential to be able to communicate your findings effectively to biologists and clinicians . <p> The postholder will work independently and as a part of a multi-disciplinary team of wet lab scientists and analytical scientists , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ cell and spatial genomic profiling of clinical samples and model systems and integrate these with in-house and publicly available high-throughput sequencing and clinical datasets . The identified targets will be used to guide clinical trials at the Breast Cancer Now Centre ( ICR ) . The successful post holder will be involved in the design , analysis , interpretation and scientific writing of results for high impact journals . <p> Applicants should hold a PhD in **29;4293;TOOLONG computational biology , have experience in statistical programming and scripting , experience in analysis of next-generation sequencing data and must have a basic knowledge of biology . <p> This position is offered on a fixed term 18 month contract . Starting salary is in the range of ? 32,844* to ? 38,607 per annum inclusive based on previous postdoctoral experience . <p> *thesis submitted , awaiting PhD award <p> We consider all applications on merit and have a strong commitment to enhancing the diversity of our staff . <p> The ICR is the leading academic research centre in the UK . Effective industry collaboration and innovation in new medicines and technologies are at @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . The ICR is ranked : <p> first for the quality and impact of our research* <p> second worldwide for the number of our publications cited in patents** <p> fourth worldwide for the citation rate of scientific research published across all fields** <p> fourth worldwide for top-cited research publications** <p> in the top five higher education institutions worldwide for academic influence and commercial impact**"
"<h> New Ford CEO replaces CFO , pledges stronger profit margins <p> FILE - This March 28 , 2018 file photo shows Jim Farley , Jr . during New York International Auto Show . On his first day in Ford 's top job , new CEO , Farley is replacing the company 's chief financial officer and announcing other structural and management changes . The company says in a statement Thursday , Oct. 1 , 2020 that Chief Financial Officer Tim Stone is leaving Oct. 15 to be chief operating officer at a small artificial intelligence company . ( Richard Drew , File/Associated Press ) <p> By Tom Krisher ? ? AP <p> October 1 , 2020 at 8:07 AM EDT <p> DETROIT -- On his first day in Ford 's top job , CEO Jim Farley is replacing the company 's chief financial officer and announcing other structural and management changes . <p> The company says Thursday that Chief Financial Officer Tim Stone is leaving Oct. 15 to be chief operating officer at an artificial intelligence company . Stone had a short stay at Ford , joining the company @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 'll be replaced by John Lawler , a 30-year company veteran who has been running autonomous vehicle operations . <p> During Stone 's tenure , the company has struggled in the midst of an $11 billion restructuring plan designed to cut expenses and raise capital for spending on new technology such as autonomous and electric vehicles . Wall Street analysts raised questions about the pace of the restructuring . <p> AD <p> AD <p> Farley says in the statement that Ford has made progress under retiring CEO Jim Hackett , but he wants to speed up its transformation , which has been in the works for over a year . <p> The company has plans to grow revenue and hit a sustained 8% pretax profit margin , but Ford gave no time frame to reach that goal . <p> "" We are going to compete like a challenger -- allocate capital to higher growth and return opportunities to create value -- and earn customers for life through great products and a rewarding ownership experience , "" Farley said in a prepared statement . <p> Ford says it will expand its @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ plans to offer more electric vehicles around the globe including a Transit van and F-150 pickups . There also are plans for an electric Mustang , as well as unspecified SUVs including the Lincoln luxury brand . <p> AD <p> AD <p> Ford also plans to add more affordable electric vehicles to its lineup . Spokesman T.R. Reid said they would be largely for emerging markets , although they could be global . The vehicles are likely to be developed as part of a joint venture with Indian automaker Mahindra . <p> Farley is retooling the company 's management structure into three regional business units : The Americas and International Markets , Europe , and China . He also plans a new business out of the self-driving system created by Argo AI , a subsidiary in which Ford is the primary investor . Reid said Argo software and autonomous vehicle technology would go to other Ford units , including programs to help businesses with logistics . <p> Reid said Ford is still working on the five-year restructuring plan , which could include further job changes . "" That 's about @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ some places , becoming more streamlined in other places . "" <p> AD <p> Earlier this month the company said it would offer early retirement incentives with hopes of cutting its U.S. white-collar workforce by 1,400 more positions . The move was part of the broader restructuring . <p> Last year the company said it would cut 12,000 jobs in Europe and 7,000 white-collar positions worldwide as it trimmed expenses to prepare for a world of autonomous and electric vehicles . The 7,000 salaried positions amounted to 10% of Ford 's total worldwide and included 2,300 in the U.S. The cuts were accomplished with buyouts and involuntary layoffs . <p> AD <p> The cuts were designed to reduce bureaucracy and allow the company to make faster decisions . <p> Like other automakers , Ford has been struggling this year as the coronavirus forced factory closures and chased customers away from showrooms . Factories that were shuttered have been running for several months and demand has been returning . <p> AD <p> From April through June , Ford 's posted better-than-expected results with a $1.12 billion net profit . It was @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ on the value of its autonomous vehicle operation . Without that , it would have lost $1.9 billion . <p> In August Ford named Farley , 58 , as its new CEO effective Thursday . Hackett is retiring after three years at the helm . Farley , who has been with Ford for more than a decade , had been chief operating officer since February and clearly was being groomed for the top position . <p> Copyright 2020 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed without permission ."
"<h> Download <p> DroneDeploy raised $25 million in series C funding . DroneDeploy is the largest cloud-based drone data platform with a community of 30,000 users having mapped 30 million acres in 180 countries on 400,000 job sites . ( Graphic : Business Wire ) <p> June 26 , 2018 06:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time <p> SAN FRANCISCO-- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) --DroneDeploy today announced that they have raised $25 million in series C funding . DroneDeploy is the largest cloud-based drone data platform with a community of 30,000 users having mapped 30 million acres in 180 countries on 400,000 job sites . The round is led by the Invenergy Future Fund , a venture capital firm focused on making technology investments into early-stage companies that make energy and industrial operations more affordable , reliable , and secure . The round is also backed by AirTree , one of the largest venture capital firms in Australia , as well as existing investors , Scale Venture Partners , Uncork Capital , Emergence Capital and AngelPad . The Series C funding round brings the total amount of equity investment raised by DroneDeploy to over $56M . <p> "" We started DroneDeploy @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 've since become the world 's largest commercial drone software platform by providing drone software that 's both easy to use , and powerful , "" said Mike Winn , CEO and co-founder of DroneDeploy . "" With this new funding round , we have the opportunity to work with more customers who will bring our platform to new industries , and transform workflows on every job site . "" <p> DroneDeploy plans to use the funds to extend its position as the market leader by expanding their ecosystem of over 80 platform apps and integrations , and accelerating a series of industry-focused solutions . With increasing adoption in the Energy , Construction , and Agriculture industries , DroneDeploy plans to invest heavily in artificial intelligence to build new workflows that solve some of the toughest challenges facing companies today . <p> "" Our investment process into this market was customer-led , "" says John Tough , a Partner at the Invenergy Future Fund . "" The consistent theme we heard from customers is that DroneDeploy 's product and accompanying applications help achieve significant ROI and reduce risk on the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ growing market leadership the company has established in power and energy industries . "" <p> DroneDeploy has seen unparalleled growth in 2018 through the continued release of new features and developing strategic partnerships with SoftBank , Accenture , and The Climate Corporation . Most recently , they launched the industry 's only real-time mapping solution , Live Map , which stitches RGB and thermal imagery on the edge using iOS devices -- providing instant insights on the job site . Their newly released enterprise cloud capabilities provide the management and security tools necessary to scale drone operations across large organizations . And DroneDeploy 's App Market now has more than 80 software integrations , making it the largest drone data ecosystem on the planet . <p> DroneDeploy is the leading cloud software platform for commercial drones , and is making the power of aerial data accessible and productive for everyone . Trusted by leading brands globally , DroneDeploy is transforming the way businesses leverage drones and aerial data across industries , including agriculture , construction , mining , inspection , and surveying . Simple by design , DroneDeploy enables professional-grade @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ drone on any device . To learn more visit www.dronedeploy.com and join the conversation on Twitter @DroneDeploy."
"<p> Speaking at the Structure Data conference in San Francisco on Wednesday , Ng said , "" Worrying about killer robots today is like worrying about overpopulation on Mars . "" <p> While he admits some day it 's possible that robots might be intelligent enough for us to worry about them killing people , they are n't even close to capable today . "" I do n't object to people starting committees to study this , but I do n't want to be on it , "" he said . <p> Instead , Ng is thinking about the short-term effect of greater access to deep learning , which is currently being applied to things such as identifying images , understanding speech , and improving things like web search or advertisement engagement . Ng also anticipates the advantages of deep learning to make their way into areas like farming , reading medical images and other industries where the use of AI and robots will replace jobs . <p> "" It will replace jobs in the next couple of years , "" Ng predicted . He added that we @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , and he anticipates a painful middle area where people will need to be retrained . To mitigate this rapid fire shift in jobs , Ng suggested implementing some type of basic income in which the government pays a living wage to people . <p> "" However , I 'm not sure the U.S. is ready for a basic income , so something like paying people to study , might work better , "" Ng explained in an interview after his talk . <p> Despite the potential for job losses , Ng is optimistic about the overall changes to society that will come from investing in artificial intelligence . From the hope of safer roads thanks to self-driving cars to real-time translations , the impacts of AI will be felt everywhere . <p> Even Google goog is turning to deep learning to improve its own search results . Ng reflected these sorts of changes are only near-term benefits driven by supervised learning in which the computer is given an item and must make a prediction . For example , showing the computer an image and having it identify the objects or @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with an email and having the system decide if it 's spam or not . <p> Those supervised learning advances are being applied today , but research into other types of learning , such as the types of artificial intelligence that led to Google 's algorithms beating Go on Tuesday night , are coming . Those should be even more powerful . <p> But in order to take advantage of them , we will have to build new infrastructures first . Some sort of safety net for displaced jobs is part of the equation , but other priorities such as rethinking transportation infrastructure to account for self-driving cars is another . <p> Ng offered the example of a self-driving car meeting a worker in a construction zone as an example . Today , with a human driving the car , a construction worker simply holds up his hand to stop the car and then motions it forward . To better serve self-driving cars , society will have to adapt to keep the construction worker safe . Ng suggested the worker would have a Wi-Fi beacon or some other machine-readable object to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that type of high-tech infrastructure into a roads , signage , and traffic cops is a big task . But the Department of Transportation is already mulling over standards to implement , such as vehicle-to-vehicle and **25;1050;TOOLONG communication . Forcing a self-driving car to interact with humans in the same way human drivers interact with humans would be impractical . But building an infrastructure where both AI and humans can work together is what Ng hopes can happen ."
"<h> Autoliv and MIT AgeLab to Collaborate in the Research of Autonomous Vehicle Systems <p> PR Newswire <p> Oct. 11 , 2017 , 02:48 AM <p> STOCKHOLM , Oct. 11 , 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- <p> Autoliv , Inc . ( NYSE : ALV and SSE : ALIVsdb ) , the worldwide leader in automotive safety systems , signs research agreement with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology AgeLab . The two-year long research collaboration aims to develop a semi-autonomous vehicle prototype that demonstrates the future of human-centered artificial intelligence in the automotive space . <p> The mission of this research collaboration is to provide for the development of artificial intelligence systems that understand and manage the state of the driver to create a safe and enjoyable experience in semi-autonomous vehicles . At the core of the research effort , is the development and real world evaluation of deep learning algorithms that enable effective communication and transfer of control between human and machine . This includes sensing driver gaze , emotion , cognitive load , drowsiness , hand position , posture , and fusing this information with the perception of the driving @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ learn to trust . <p> "" We are looking to lead the world in the application of state-of-the art deep learning methods for semi-autonomous vehicle systems in a way that ensures the human being is the core focus of every algorithm and interface we build , "" says Lex Fridman , MIT . "" It is clear that the global focus on autonomous vehicles must begin to consider increased investment in human centered vehicle system that support appropriate driver engagement through trusted safety and an enjoyable mobility experience , "" says Bryan Reimer , MIT . "" We believe that drivers will be traversing the world 's roadways for decades to come as higher levels of automation steadily increases . "" <p> "" Today , 1.4 million people die in traffic fatalities every year . Investments in vehicle automation such as Advanced Driver Assistance Systems ( ADAS ) will increase road safety , but the introduction of assistance technology is not enough . To save more lives , we need to establish trust between the driver and the car 's intelligence . I am confident that this collaboration with leading @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ safety solutions , "" says Ola Bostr ? m , VP Research at Autoliv . <p> Learnings from the research collaboration will likely be used in the development of software from Zenuity , the software joint venture of Autoliv and Volvo Cars . <p> Autoliv , Inc. is the worldwide leader in automotive safety systems , and through its subsidiaries develops and manufactures automotive safety systems for all major automotive manufacturers in the world . Together with its joint ventures , Autoliv has more than 80 facilities with 70,000 employees in 27 countries . In addition , the Company has 22 technical centers in ten countries around the world , with 19 test tracks , more than any other automotive safety supplier . Sales in 2016 amounted to about US $10.1 billion . The Company 's shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE : ALV ) and its Swedish Depository Receipts on Nasdaq Stockholm ( ALIV sdb ) . For more information about Autoliv , please visit our company website at www.autoliv.com . <p> Safe Harbor Statement <p> This report contains statements that are not historical @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . Such forward-looking statements include those that address activities , events or developments that Autoliv , Inc. or its management believes or anticipates may occur in the future . All forward-looking statements , including statements regarding the ability of the parties to successfully collaborate in researching artificial intelligence technology for vehicles , are based upon our current expectations , various assumptions and data available from third parties . Our expectations and assumptions are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them . However , there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize or prove to be correct as forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual future results , performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results , performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements . Numerous risks , uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements . For any forward-looking statements contained in this or @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , and we assume no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events , except as required by law ."
"<h> Avast to End Browser Data Harvesting , Terminates Jumpshot <p> ' As CEO of Avast , I feel personally responsible and I would like to apologize to all concerned , ' wrote Ondrej Vlcek following a PCMag-Motherboard investigation into the privacy risks around the data harvesting . <p> Avast will no longer sell users ' browser histories to third-party companies , the antivirus vendor said , following a PCMag-Motherboard investigation into the privacy risks around the data collection . <p> Late on Wednesday , Avast CEO Ondrej Vlcek announced his company plans to shut down operations at Jumpshot , the subsidiary in charge of selling the browser history data . "" As CEO of Avast , I feel personally responsible and I would like to apologize to all concerned , "" he said in a statement . <p> The popular antivirus vendor previously claimed it could "" de-identify "" people 's personal data from the browser history collection , thus preserving the user 's privacy . However , the investigation from PCMag and Motherboard found the contrary : the data that Jumpshot was selling to big brands and market research companies could be analyzed to easily link the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ person 's internet activities . <p> The news has shaken consumer trust in the antivirus vendor , which serves 435 million users across the globe . Vlcek said he concluded the data harvesting "" was not in line "" with the company 's privacy priorities . <p> "" Protecting people is Avast 's top priority and must be embedded in everything we do in our business and in our products . Anything to the contrary is unacceptable , "" he said . "" For these reasons , I -- together with our board of directors -- have decided to terminate the Jumpshot data collection and wind down Jumpshot 's operations , with immediate effect . "" <p> In an investors ' call , Avast executives said the Jumpshot data collection will cease immediately . They also claimed the antivirus vendor had been considering shutting down the operation for months now . <p> Back in October , the security researcher Wladimir Palant initially raised the privacy alarms about the data harvesting when he noticed Avast 's browser extensions for Chrome , Firefox and Opera were collecting the browser histories from people @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ temporarily remove the extensions until Avast implemented new privacy protections . <p> Despite the change , Avast was still collecting the browser histories through the company 's free antivirus software for desktop and mobile . As many as 100 million devices were pulled into the data collection , which was also harvesting people 's internet searches . <p> In an email on Thursday , Palant told PCMag the whole practice smacked of "" gross negligence . "" He obtained an apparent sample of the data Jumpshot was selling to clients . The sold data includes URLs Avast users were visiting , but in many cases Avast 's "" de-identification "" process failed to strip away people 's personal information from the links , such as email addresses . <p> "" From the look of it , nobody ever bothered verifying that their approach is even remotely working -- or somebody did but they simply did n't care , "" Palant said . <p> Avast has declined to answer questions on how the antivirus vendor "" de-identifies "" the collected browser histories . But the company maintains the data collection was @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <h> Related <p> Although Jumpshot 's shutdown will affect more than 200 employees at the company subsidiary , Vlcek said the termination of the data harvesting is "" absolutely the right thing to do . "" <p> "" I firmly believe it will help Avast focus on and unlock its full potential to deliver on its promise of security and privacy , "" Vlcek added . "" And I especially thank our users , whose recent feedback accelerated our decision to take quick action . "" <p> The company last year sold a 35 percent stake in Jumpshot to a marketing company called Ascential . However , Avast has bought back the stake , and plans on winding down the operations later this year once it resolves all the employment and partnership issues . According to Jumpshot 's marketing , the company 's clients have included Google , Pepsi , Unilever , marketing firm Omnicom Media Group , and consulting firm McKinsey &amp; Company , among others . <p> Avast executives added the company does n't expect to face any legal action from the data harvesting . <p> In response @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ) told Motherboard : "" Avast 's past practice of marrying antivirus software with the secret mining of consumers ' data was a terrible move . But the decision today to shutter its data broker subsidiary is a model for how companies should respond to criticism of privacy abuses . To stop future abuses , Congress needs to pass my bill to hold companies and their CEOs accountable for abusing Americans ' personal information . "" <p> Editor 's Note : This story has been updated with more details from Avast 's call with investors , and comment from Senator Wyden . <h> More Browser Best Picks <h> About Michael Kan <p> Michael has been a PCMag reporter since October 2017 . He previously covered tech news in China from 2010 to 2015 , before moving to San Francisco to write about cybersecurity . He covers a variety of tech news topics , including consumer devices , digital privacy issues , computer hacking , artificial intelligence , online communities and gaming . Signal : 415-696-5528 . <p> PCMag , PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ third parties without explicit permission . The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag . If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service , we may be paid a fee by that merchant ."
"<h> Artificial Intelligence Brings Musicians Back From the Dead , Allowing All-Stars of All Time to Jam <p> Want to know what a jam session between Jack White and Stevie Ray Vaughan might have sounded like , or how Billie Holliday would interpret the latest dreck from Avril Lavigne ? Advances in artificial intelligence are resurrecting musical legends of the past , tapping into old recordings to establish a musician 's style and personality , then applying those attributes to newer recordings of old songs , or even to songs the musician never played before . <p> Every generation has its musical heyday . Then , just as one era is about to give way to the next , the older generation declares that music is dead , claiming the greats of one small epoch in musical history will never be topped . This is why Kurt Cobain was never as good as Jimmy Page who could n't touch Lennon and McCartney who could never compare to Buddy Holly who owed a creative debt to Elvis who , as we all know , referred to Fats Domino as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ on . <p> New software , developed by North Carolina-based Zenph Sound Innovations , is something like a Pandora for live musical style ; sophisticated software analyzes musicians based on how they sound on old , archaic recordings . The software can then reconstruct songs as they would have sounded if those musicians had recorded in a modern studio and on superior media . <p> But it does n't end there . Zenph is working on a means to not only recreate old performances , but to dissect a style to the point that it can manifest an artist 's personal touch into pieces he or she never performed in life . Meaning the software could potentially lift Jimmy Page out of Black Dog and replace him with , say , Jimi Hendrix , just so see how it sounds . <p> Zenph has already created three "" ghost "" pianos that play the likes of Rachmaninoff to the exact stylistic specifications -- supposedly -- of Sergei himself . The company plans to explore all kinds of markets with the technology , like licensing clearer versions of old recordings to films @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ guitar riffs . It 's also working up virtual versions of more instruments , meaning it 's possible that in the future , the company could put together phantom all-star bands melding musicians across decades , or recreate the Beatles with virtual stand-ins for John and George . <p> Wired 's Eliot van Buskirk points out that Zenph seems to be opening up a can of copyright worms that may be more trouble than its worth -- the estate of Kurt Cobain , for instance , probably would n't be thrilled to find out his musical style has been ripped by a piece of AI software and is currently touring the Midwest without permission . And previous efforts at creating music via AI have n't necessarily received a warm welcome from some audiences either , with critics claiming that computers ca n't put the heart into creative works like humans can , and that comes through in the sound . <p> Then there 's the issue of nostalgia ; a musician 's sound reflects his or her time and place in history , so do we really want to know what @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a modern studio , with some actual bass and a sound more indicative of his natural talent ? Actually , on second thought , that sounds pretty amazing ."
"<p> McDonald 's hopes that an investment in technology is the special sauce that will transform drive-thru ordering . <p> The fast-food giant announced Tuesday that it has an agreement to acquire Apprente , a Silicon Valley-based start-up specializing in conversational voice-based ordering technology . <p> McDonald 's said the technology understands different accents and is "" expected to allow for faster , simpler and more accurate order taking at the Drive Thru "" and could also be incorporated into kiosks and mobile ordering . <p> "" Building our technology infrastructure and digital capabilities are fundamental to our Velocity Growth Plan and enable us to meet rising expectations from our customers , while making it simpler and even more enjoyable for crew members to serve guests , "" Steve Easterbrook , McDonald 's president and CEO , said in a news release . <p> McDonald 's is looking to personalize the drive-thru experience . ( Photo : McDonald 's ) <p> Apprente was founded in 2017 to create "" voice-based platforms for complex , multilingual , multi-accent and multi-item conversational ordering "" and uses neuroscience-based artificial intelligence technology . <p> "" Apprente was borne out of an opportunity to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 're thrilled to now apply this to creating personalized experiences for customers and crew , "" Itamar Arel , co-founder of Apprente , said in the statement . <p> McDonald 's has made other recent tech investments . <p> In April , McDonald 's acquired Dynamic Yield , a company considered a leader in personalization and decision logic technology . <p> This are Burger King Halloween Whoppers , Oct. 5 , 2015 , in Centreville , VA . The burger , inspired by the Black Burger in Japan , is made with A-1 Steak sauce and food coloring , with a pitched-black bun covered with Sesame seeds . PAUL J. RICHARDS , AFP/GETTY IMAGES <p> The decision technology is now available in more than 8,000 U.S. locations , McDonald 's said in Tuesday 's announcement , and is likely to be integrated into all U.S. and Australia drive-thrus by the end of 2019 . <p> With this technology , McDonald 's says it is able "" to provide an even more personalized customer experience by varying outdoor digital Drive Thru menu displays to show food based on time of day @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . "" <p> The displays also suggest and display additional items to a customer 's order based on selections . <p> McDonald 's also announced the formation of an internal group called McD Tech Labs , which Easterbrook says will take the company 's "" culture of innovation one step further . """
"<p> The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 offers 6 gigabytes ( GB ) of random access memory ( RAM ) , internal storage of up to 256 GB with a dedicated SD card slot of also up to 256 GB . The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 also offers "" Iris Scanning "" to unlock the device , along with a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner , as well as an improved S Pen with new messaging features . <p> Meanwhile , Apple 's iPhone X came in second to the Galaxy Note 8 . The iPhone X is praised for the incorporation new technologies , as well as its gutsy , bezel-less design . Apple may have taken away the fingerprint scanner on the iPhone X , but they have replaced it with the innovative "" Face ID , "" which was not really revered that much by avid iPhone users . <p> The iPhone X does , however , offer 4K resolution , 60 frames per second ( FPS ) video recording with its dual , 12-megapixel camera setup at the back , along with other high-end Apple hardware that will set @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ GB version . <p> Last but not the least , is the Google Pixel 2 by Google , which uses artificial intelligence ( AI ) and machine learning in conjunction with the device 's single-sensor camera to produce stunning images even in low-light conditions . <p> The HTC U11 was also included in the best flagship phones of 2017 . It offers a bold design , and a strong machine performance , as well as the OnePlus 5T with its superb tech specs that does n't burn a hole in the consumer 's pockets ."
"<h> You are here <h> Scientists plug into a learning brain <p> NIH-funded study provides a neural explanation for why some skills are easier to learn than others . <p> Scientists mapped neural activity patterns ( white dots ) in a learning brain . They found that learning occurs faster when it only requires existing patterns of activity ( red box ) than when it needs to use patterns outside of the red box.Batista lab , University of Pittsburgh <p> Learning is easier when it only requires nerve cells to rearrange existing patterns of activity than when the nerve cells have to generate new patterns , a study of monkeys has found . The scientists explored the brain 's capacity to learn through recordings of electrical activity of brain cell networks . The study was partly funded by the National Institutes of Health . <p> "" We looked into the brain and may have seen why it 's so hard to think outside the box , "" said Aaron Batista , Ph.D. , an assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh and a senior author of the study @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University , Pittsburgh . <p> The human brain contains nearly 86 billion neurons , which communicate through intricate networks of connections . Understanding how they work together during learning can be challenging . Dr. Batista and his colleagues combined two innovative technologies , brain-computer interfaces and machine learning , to study patterns of activity among neurons in monkey brains as the animals learned to use their thoughts to move a computer cursor . <p> "" This is a fundamental advance in understanding the neurobiological patterns that underlie the learning process , "" said Theresa Cruz , Ph.D. , a program official at the National Center for Medical Rehabilitations Research at NIH 's Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development ( NICHD ) . "" The findings may eventually lead to new treatments for stroke as well as other neurological disorders . "" <p> Brain-computer interfaces seek to turn thoughts into action . With small surgically implanted electrodes , researchers can simultaneously monitor the electrical activity of hundreds of neurons . A computer converts the signals into commands to move an external device @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . Brain-computer interfaces are being developed to help paralyzed patients as well as to study the function of healthy brains . <p> "" This evolving technology is a powerful tool for brain research , "" said Daofen Chen , Ph.D. , a program director at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke ( NINDS ) , part of NIH . "" It helps scientists study the dynamics of brain circuits that may explain the neural basis of learning . "" <p> In this study , the research team used brain-computer interfaces in two animals to examine learning in the motor cortex , a part of the brain that controls movement . The firing patterns of the neurons they recorded were used to control a computer cursor . As the animals learned to move the cursor to a designated spot on the monitor , the computer used machine learning to map brain cell activity to cursor movement . Machine learning is a method of programming a computer to learn and constantly adjust its commands based on previous data or experience . In this case , it created a feedback loop between @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's ability to use its thoughts to move the cursor . <p> "" Just as Netflix uses machine learning to predict the movies we 'd like to watch , we used it to characterize the activity patterns that the brain produced during learning , "" said Dr. Yu . <p> At first , the scientists noticed that the ensemble of neurons recorded in each animal had a small set of natural , or favored , firing patterns that were used to move the cursor , which they called the "" intrinsic manifold . "" After determining the intrinsic manifold , the team reprogrammed the map between neural activity and cursor movement . For instance , if a firing pattern originally caused the cursor to move to the top of the screen , then the interface would move the cursor to the bottom . The team then observed whether the animals could learn to generate the appropriate neural activity patterns to compensate for the changes . <p> "" It 's as if we turned a computer mouse upside down in a person 's hand and asked him to click on an icon @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ brain , "" said Patrick Sadtler , a Ph.D . candidate at the University of Pittsburgh , who is the lead author of the study . <p> The scientists discovered that the monkeys easily relearned how to move the cursor if they could use patterns within the intrinsic manifold in new ways . In contrast , learning was more difficult when the interface required patterns of neural activity that were outside of the intrinsic manifold . <p> "" It appears that the brain sets constraints on the speed with which we learn new things . Characterizing those constraints might enable us to predict which skills will be quicker to learn , and which might take longer , "" said Dr. Batista . He and his colleagues speculated that , for humans , thinking outside the box requires more difficult changes in neural activity . <p> This work was supported by grants from the NICHD ( HD071686 ) , NINDS ( NS065065 , NS076405 ) , National Science Foundation ( DGE-0549352 ) , and the Burroughs Welcome Fund . <p> The NINDS is the nation 's leading funder of research on the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to seek fundamental knowledge about the brain and nervous system and to use that knowledge to reduce the burden of neurological disease . <p> About the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) : NIH , the nation 's medical research agency , includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic , clinical , and translational medical research , and is investigating the causes , treatments , and cures for both common and rare diseases . For more information about NIH and its programs , visit www.nih.gov."
"<h> TMCnet News <p> Simulations Plus Releases ADMET Predictor ? Version 10.0 ( APX ) <p> September 15 , 2020 <h> Simulations Plus Releases ADMET Predictor ? Version 10.0 ( APX ) <p> Simulations Plus , Inc . ( Nasdaq : SLP ) , the leading provider of modeling and simulation solutions for the pharmaceutical , biotechnology , chemicals , and consumer goods industries , today announced that it has released version 10.0 of its flagship machine learning modeling platform , ADMET Predictor ? , The new release will be marketed as APX ? . <p> Significant improvements to the HTPK Simulation Module driven by our strategic collaboration with a large pharmaceutical partner <p> Multi-threading capabilities for all prediction processes , including mechanistic HTPK simulations <p> And more ... <p> The new AIDD Module will take one or more lead molecules and optimize them against any combination of target endpoints , including our top-rated machine learning ADMET property predictions , custom activity models , and , through unparalleled software engineering , mechanistic PBPK simulations . Chemists also have total control over which part(s) of the lead molecule may be altered @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , while also having the flexibility to define the chemistry based on synthetic feasibility constraints or prior knowledge about the target . The end product is an innovative approach to rapidly and accurately evaluate the impact of structual modifications , within a virtual animal or human model , in advance of synthesis . <p> "" No other company has been able to couple generative chemistry with best-in-class GastroPlus ? PBPK models as we have done with the AIDD Module , "" said Dr. Marvin Waldman , senior research fellow and chief architect of the new module . "" Scientists will now be able to explore untapped areas of chemical space and evaluate up to 10,000,000 virtual molecules per day using any combination of property endpoints , including animal and human exposure . "" <p> "" This is a significant breakthrough for the platform , but we did not stop there , "" added Dr. David Miller , vice president of ADMET cheminformatics . "" We have also put our best minds to work to deliver new machine learning models for transporters , which play critical roles in drug-drug interactions , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Also , for all prediction processes , we implemented multi-threading capabilities to boost computing performance five-fold over previous versions of the platform . "" <p> John DiBella , Lancaster division president , said : "" These new AIDD and Transporters add-on modules , combined with all other improvements in APX , should help us accelerate the growth momentum in ADMET Predictor achieved over the past several years . And , thanks to a strong scientific and technological innovation pipeline in place with our partners , we will continue to drive advances in several exciting new areas . "" <p> About Simulations Plus , Inc . <p> Simulations Plus , Inc. , is a leading provider of modeling and simulation software and consulting services supporting drug discovery , development research , and regulatory submissions . With our subsidiaries , Cognigen , DILIsym Services , and Lixoft , we offer solutions which bridge machine learning , physiologically based pharmacokinetics , quantitative systems pharmacology/toxicology , and population PK/PD modeling approaches . Our technology is licensed and applied by major pharmaceutical , biotechnology , chemical , consumer goods companies and regulatory agencies worldwide . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 - With the exception of historical information , the matters discussed in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties . Words like "" believe , "" "" expect "" and "" anticipate "" mean that these are our best estimates as of this writing , but that there can be no assurances that expected or anticipated results or events will actually take place , so our actual future results could differ significantly from those statements . Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include , but are not limited to : our ability to maintain our competitive advantages , acceptance of new software and improved versions of our existing software by our customers , the general economics of the pharmaceutical industry , our ability to finance growth , our ability to continue to attract and retain highly qualified technical staff , our ability to identify and close acquisitions on terms favorable to the Company , and a sustainable market . Further information on our risk factors is contained @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ."
"<h> We Put Bryce Harper And Manny Machado On A Bunch Of Different Teams <p> We are now less than a week away from almost all pitchers and catchers reporting , and the two biggest free agents on the market -- Manny Machado and Bryce Harper -- have yet to sign . The rumor mill around them continues to swirl , but we 're tired of not knowing for sure where these two will play this year . So we thought we 'd take matters into our own hands , instead of simply waiting around for the latest hot-stove updates . <p> To that end , we called on our friends at Out of the Park Baseball ( OOTP ) , a strategic simulation game that allows players to put on their general manager hats and run their own teams . We asked them to simulate out the careers of Harper and Machado a bunch of times under scenarios where they sign with a bunch of different teams . Think of it as the multiverse of MLB possibilities that still could play out , depending on where these two superstars end up signing . <p> It 's important to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ artificial intelligence , so it 's based on a simulation engine primarily intended for fun gameplay.1 Having said all that , in the true spirit of J. Henry Waugh 's Universal Baseball Association , what if ... <h> ... Machado signs with the White Sox ? <p> Machado is one of the brightest stars in the OOTP universe , with an overall rating of 77 out of 80 ( using the traditional 20-80 scouting scale ) . If he were to sign with the White Sox , one of his most frequently rumored suitors in real life , OOTP sees him having a tremendous individual debut in Chicago , putting together an All-Star season worth 6.5 wins above replacement . But the White Sox would have to wait until 2020 to improve as a team , leaping from 63 wins in 2019 to 92 in 2020 , with Machado once again having a strong 5.8-WAR season . Chicago would average 92 wins per season in 2020 and ' 21 , making the playoffs both years , but they would top out with a tough five-game loss in the American League @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ wins in 2022 as Machado 's teammates regress . <p> He would average 5.7 WAR per season over the next two years , but the Sox would miss the playoffs both seasons , with Machado opting out of his contract to join the New York Mets on a five-year , $197.5 million deal before the 2025 season . ( Chicago would be fine without him , making the American League Championship Series in 2025 and 2026 . ) In New York , Machado 's individual numbers would decline to an average of 4.1 WAR per season , but he would help the 2028 Mets reach the World Series -- where , in classic Mets fashion , they would lose to the Astros in seven games . After bouncing to the Nationals and Rockies in the early 2030s , Machado would retire in October 2032 with a JAWS score of 63.4 , which should easily earn him a place in the Hall of Fame . <p> If Machado were to sign with San Diego , OOTP 's AI thinks that he would make about $14 million more over an eight-year contract @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ would his Padres do on the field ? In this universe , Machado would have an incredible initial campaign in Southern California , putting up 7.5 WAR and winning the National League 's MVP in 2019 . His team , though , would only improve from 66 to 76 wins , good for third place in the NL West , and Machado would later struggle to repeat his amazing debut season . The simulations have him averaging just 4.1 WAR per season in 2020-21 , with the Padres winning only 71 games a year . But in 2022 , Machado would bounce back with 5.2 WAR , and San Diego would win 95 games , making the divisional series . It 's part of a three-year playoff surge for the Padres , peaking with 100 wins in 2024 -- but that team is projected to crash out of the playoffs with a disappointing five-game NLCS loss to the Dodgers . <p> That offseason , Machado would opt out of his initial contract and sign a five-year , $157.5 million deal with the expansion Memphis Scouts -- which are a thing @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ next five seasons playing reasonably well ( 4.2 WAR per year ) , but losing so many ballgames would surely give him flashbacks to the horrid 2018 Orioles . The best season of Machado 's final years is forecast to be an out-of-nowhere 4.3-WAR season with the 101-win Cincinnati Reds in 2032 , but that team would ultimately lose in the divisional series . In September 2035 , Machado would retire from pro baseball as a probable Hall of Famer . <h> ... Machado signs somewhere else ? <p> While OOTP 's AI thinks Chicago and San Diego are the destinations most likely for Machado , it also forced him onto the Phillies , Yankees and Twins for the sake of the full multiverse . The first two outcomes are about a wash individually , with Machado nearing 7 WAR in his best simulated season for each team and producing roughly the same total WAR ( 33.9 in New York , 32.6 in Philly ) . He would also stay longer in each city : seven years with the Phillies before opting out to join the Giants and the full @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of team performance , Machado would n't win a World Series in either Philadelphia or New York , coming closest with a seven-game ALCS loss in 2022 as part of his Yankees timeline . It 's kind of a sad set of outcomes for a pair of teams that you 'd think would offer Machado the greatest chance of team success . As for the Twins , they would be very successful with Machado , winning 90.2 games per season in his five years in Minnesota , including a World Series berth in 2021 . But he would also opt out of that contract as early as possible , moving on to sign a massive deal with the Giants . Such is the way of Minnesota sports . <p> Let 's move on to Harper , whose future is more difficult to read than Machado 's . OOTP 's AI predicted that he 'd sign with any of four teams -- the Giants ( 64 percent ) , Cardinals ( 20 percent ) , Padres ( 12 percent ) and Dodgers ( 4 percent ) -- and that 's not @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ But let 's peer into OOTP 's crystal ball anyway . What if ... <h> ... Harper signs with the Giants ? <p> The Giants are a weird team that won 73 games last season despite trying to contend , and they do have the need for a corner outfielder like Harper if they want to try it again in 2019 . According to OOTP , San Francisco would pay about $15 million to $20 million more over a seven-year deal than Harper 's other potential suitors , and they would n't get much postseason success out of it . They are projected to average 85.5 wins per season over the first four years of Harper 's deal , finishing second in the NL West ( and out of the playoffs ) each year . They would also get classic inconsistent Bryce : 5.7 WAR in Year 1 , followed by 2.2 and 2.9 WAR ( both seasons riddled with injuries ) , then 4.4 , and then 0.6 in a terrible 2023 season during which Harper would hit .209 , with the Giants crashing to 74 wins . <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ sign a four-year , $116.8 million deal with the Brewers . He is projected for a strong season on a playoff-bound Milwaukee team in 2025 but then just 2.1 WAR per year over the next two seasons before opting out early yet again to join ... yes , the Yankees . During his inevitable run in pinstripes , Harper would boast an .821 OPS as his Yanks make ( and lose ) the ALCS in 2028 , but he would put up negative WAR over the next two seasons . He would retire at age 38 after being released by New York ( and briefly rejoining the Giants ) . Harper 's final JAWS score of 49.9 would put him right on the edge of the Hall of Fame relative to other right fielders . <h> ... Harper signs with the Cardinals ? <p> Frequency : 20 percent of simulationsAverage contract : Seven years for $151 millionSix-year team wins : 87.2 per seasonSix-year WAR : 4.9 per seasonBest playoff result : Loses World Series in 2027 and 2030 <p> This is one of the most successful universes either star free @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , the Cardinals would grab Harper for the bargain-bin price of $151 million , and he would stay with them for a total of 12 seasons thanks to another midcareer contract extension . St. Louis would be mostly competitive throughout Harper 's dozen seasons there , averaging 87 wins per year and making the playoffs nine times , including two pennant-winning runs . Harper is projected for 53.4 total WAR in a Cardinals uniform ( which would actually rank him just below Ozzie Smith for fifth on the franchise 's all-time leaderboard ) , winning the 2023 NL MVP with a 1.033 OPS and 7.4 WAR . In Harper 's final season as a Cardinal at age 37 , OOTP sees St. Louis losing the 2030 World Series to ( Machado 's ? ) White Sox in a heartbreaking seventh game . <p> After leaving St. Louis , Harper would sign a three-year , $62 million deal with the Mets , but a fractured knee would cost him 88 games in his first New York season , and he would n't be the same player afterward , averaging just 1.1 @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the Giants in 2034 , Harper would retire as a surefire Hall of Famer with a JAWS score of 69.2 . <h> ... Harper signs somewhere else ? <p> Harper has been linked to so many teams , it 's tough to keep track sometimes . So we asked OOTP to look at the other teams its own AI saw Harper signing with ( the Padres and Dodgers ) , plus the Phillies , White Sox and Harper 's erstwhile team , the Nationals . Of those , the Dodgers easily offer the greatest amount of team glory -- in fact , they would basically become a dynasty with Bryce on board , winning the 2020 , 2021 , 2023 and 2024 World Series and losing it in 2025 ( as Harper would put up 44.3 WAR during seven seasons in L.A. ) .3 Individually , Harper would finish with 98.3 WAR in that universe , edging out his 93.2 WAR in the Cardinals simulation for the best of the options we looked at . The rest offer varying degrees of lesser success from both a team and personal perspective @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ make the playoffs a few times on Harper 's first contract ( he would re-up with the Padres and Nationals for the long-term in those simulations ) and Harper accumulating just shy of 80 career WAR in each universe . <p> So where should each star sign ? If these OOTP simulations are any indication , it looks like Harper and the Cardinals would be best off with him playing right field in St. Louis , and Machado should lean toward manning the hot corner for the Padres . But those are but two options in the multiverse of possible outcomes . The only thing that we are 100 percent certain about is that at least one of these teams should sign these guys now . Stars like Machado and Harper should n't still be going into spring training without a deal in place -- for their own sake and for the sake of fan bases whose teams can use them to compete this season . <p> Special thanks to Richard Grisham and Out of the Park Developments for their help with this story . <p> OOTP ran 25 sample @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with which team . <p> Just for good measure , Harper would return to Washington in this Dodgers simulation , after a four-season stint with the Mariners , and would also win the 2030 World Series with the Nats in his age-37 season . q! q! q! q! q! q!"
"<p> The workers of Mechanical Turk , Amazon 's on-demand micro-task platform , say they have encountered mutilated bodies , graphic videos of botched surgeries , and what appeared to be child pornography . They say they have been asked to transcribe Social Security numbers and other personal data . Sometimes their temporary bosses , "" requesters "" in Amazon 's parlance , allegedly ask their anonymized employees to send along their underwear , take photos of their feet , or to draw pictures of their genitals . They say they have been paid to recount traumatic instances in their lives -- a cancer diagnosis , severe depression , or the death of a loved one -- often for less than a dollar . <p> These are some of 1,100 responses to two surveys Gizmodo recently posed to gig workers on Mechanical Turk asking for their experiences using the platform . Unlike the tribulations of Amazon 's warehouse workers , which have been well documented , the experiences of gig workers on Mechanical Turk are far less visible . Telling the stories of this disparate , virtually anonymous workforce can be difficult , which is why Gizmodo turned to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 50 cents to recall the most painful memory of my life , it fucked me up for the entire day . "" <p> The first survey , run on Mechanical Turk in December , asked workers ( aka Turkers ) specifically for their strangest and worst experiences on the platform . The second survey , which we ran in early January , asked more generally about their experience working on Mechanical Turk , positive and/or negative.In total , Gizmodo spent a little over $500 on the pair of surveys . <p> We provided our contact information in our surveys for any Turker to reach out to us outside the platform , but none did . And Mechanical Turk 's terms of service understandably prohibited us from asking for their personal information . As such , it was impossible for us to follow up on individual claims . However , the ample commonalities between the stories , and the breadth of experiences , paint a rare , if incomplete , picture of life inside this low-wage online labor ecosystem . <p> At its core , Mechanical Turk ( often called MTurk @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ computers have difficulty completing , like labeling images or training artificial intelligence used to moderate online content . Because the platform provides access to large numbers of workers at low cost , Mechanical Turk is often appealing for academics and nonprofit research organizations operating on a budget or major tech companies that turn to the platform to train their moderation tools . <p> Advertisement <p> The premise is simple : A requester posts a task , known as a HIT ( Human Intelligence Task ) , to MTurk and sets a price that can be as low as one cent per micro-task . Workers can then choose to complete the tasks that they feel are worth their time and labor.Both workers and requesters are technically customers of Amazon , which takes a cut of every job posted to the platform . <p> The responses to Gizmodo 's surveys paint a high-contrast picture of the reality of living in the gig economy . On one hand , Turkers describe a platform on which workers seem to have no recourse for underpayment , technical errors , or general abuse at the hands @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . However , a large number of workers said they are grateful for the work and flexibility that Mechanical Turk affords them in a precarious economy . <p> According to the web analytics service Similar Web , Mechanical Turk 's workers ' portal had 536,832 unique visitors in December , providing a glimpse of how many people potentially find work through the platform . And as you might imagine , these people turn to Mechanical Turk for a variety of reasons , our surveys found . While the vast majority of respondents did not offer a reason for why they started using the platform , 10 percent mentioned that they use Mechanical Turk to supplement their income from another full- or part-time job . Five percent mentioned that they started with Mechanical Turk after having been laid-off from another job . And four percent said they have a medical condition that prevents them from full-time employment . <p> "" I love working on mturk ... "" , one respondent wrote , "" ... im disabled so mturk gave me back my self confidence , and i do n't have to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ I was able to get my grand kids christmas presents . "" Another worker said , "" I am unable to hold a traditional job due to my health , but because of extenuating circumstances , I do not qualify for disability . So , when I discovered Mechanical Turk , it was a Godsend . Mechanical Turk allows me to be able to work within my limitations , which is really helping to build my confidence back up . I know I 'm not making a livable wage doing this , but that 's OK . It 's a heck of a lot better than nothing . "" <p> For those looking to pick up some side money , the platform seems to largely be a success . "" My experience overall has been pretty positive , "" one respondent said . "" I work full time as a teacher , so I do surveys for extra money , but this wo n't make or break me . I 'm tech savvy and not desperate , so I do n't do batch work for pennies . "" Another respondent @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" said they view the work as a side-gig that "" pays for my food , gas , and pocket money every week , letting me save more money from my regular full time job . "" <p> In one survey , 38 percent of respondents felt extremely positive about the platform . "" I love Amazon Mechanical Turk . I have been working on Mturk for about 5 years now , "" a respondent wrote . "" My positive experience is getting to work from home in my pajamas and complete HITS whenever I want to . I am able to make a decent income in a week now than when I first started . "" <p> Advertisement <p> Many Turkers who said they rely on the platform for full-time work , however , expressed a sense of hopelessness and demoralization , and underpayment was a common complaint among respondents to our survey . "" I 'm disabled and have difficulty finding or maintaining other work , so for the most part this is all that I have to survive on , and it 's not enough , "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ holidays , they felt "" lucky to get $5 a day "" and had to "" lean heavily on friends to pay the rent . "" They called the platform "" exploitative "" saying that "" platforms like this , they exist to twist people who have no other recourse ... It 's depressing , and makes it hard to feel like it 's worth getting up in the morning . "" <p> "" i do n't have to depend on my daughter for every little thing now , I was able to get my grand kids christmas presents . "" <p> Worse than underpayment is no payment whatsoever . Hundreds of respondents reported at least one instance of not getting paid for their labor . Based on responses to our surveys , this usually occurs one of three ways : unfair rejections , negligence , or technical issues . <p> Unfair rejections , which 14 percent of respondents reported , occur when the requester rejects a worker 's labor without cause . When a HIT is completed by a Turker , a requester has the opportunity to approve or @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Documentation succinctly states , "" when you approve an assignment , the Worker gets paid ; when you reject an assignment , the Worker does not get paid . "" Because a requester can "" approve results individually or all at once , "" as Amazon explains it , Turkers say it 's possible for requesters to reject a job after it 's mostly completed and pay workers nothing while still having access to the data from the partially completed job.Amazon , meanwhile , gets paid a fee the moment a job goes live on the platform . <p> Several respondents mentioned having completed hundreds of HITs for a requestor , investing hours of their time , only to have the requestor mass-reject all of their work . "" Workers have no right to appeal rejections , and requesters are able to reject whatever they want , "" one respondent claimed . "" This negatively affected my approval rate , and getting work on this platform depends on a high approval rate . "" After one worker had 200 of their HITS rejected for no reason , they said , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ inexcusable to hurt workers like that . "" <p> Sometimes , workers said , they do n't get paid due to requester negligence . Because many academic researchers prefer to run surveys using platforms like Qualtrics or Survey Monkey , Amazon supports HITs linking out to external websites . However , in order for respondents to get paid , the platform needs to be able to match survey responses on external sites to the MTurk workers , which allows them to get credit for completing the work . This is typically accomplished by supplying the worker with a survey completion code that they can enter into Mechanical Turk once they 've finished the survey . <p> Advertisement <p> The thing is , 20 percent of respondents reported incidents where , after spending hours on surveys , they were not paid due to the fact that there was no code supplied at the end of the survey . As one respondent told us , "" The longer the survey the worse it is. they also get all the information they wanted without paying and i waste my time and have my @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ happen to us . "" <p> Many workers allege that both mass rejections and this type of requestor negligence are types of scams that allow requesters to capitalize on free data without even paying the worker the potentially meager wage that they had originally offered . Amazon could close the loophole that allows non-payment scams to operate simply by not allowing rejected work to be used by the requester . But so far , at least , it has left the loophole wide open . <p> "" These are people 's lives and it 's a shame for a company so profitable to treat us like this , "" one Turker said in response to one of our surveys . <p> Amazon did not respond to Gizmodo 's multiple requests for comment . <p> Turkers can "" Report a HIT "" when they believe a requester has violated the rules . But workers repeatedly alleged that Amazon is often slow and unwilling to respond when they complain that they are being cheated out of their wages . "" The thing I hate most about this platform by far is Amazon @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ one respondent said . "" There is no accountability on the platform itself , Amazon is happy to take its slice of the pie and stay hands off when requesters scam honest workers on here . "" Another respondent said that "" I have no way to get help from Amazon , they do n't care and the requestor is always right . This is my only source of income and I am terrified every day . I am not making enough to live "" <p> Even when the platform functions as advertised , respondents said , workers are often subjected to a variety of horrors , likely due to the fact that they are often tasked with training artificial intelligence that 's used to moderate offensive content . In our second survey , 11 percent of respondents reported that their worst experience on the platform involved having seen an extremely graphic image or video . For instance , two respondents claimed to have seen images of beheadings , 10 respondents reported witnessing depictions of animal abuse , 22 said they witnessed images of grotesque car crashes , and nine @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ thing I 've seen on Mechanical Turk is probably having people rate medical surgery videos for lower than minimum wage , "" one respondent claimed . <p> Advertisement <p> "" I have had to look at the faces of people who shot their faces off trying to commit suicide , and they survived . They were unrecognizable as even human . ... I will never forget those faces . It was horrifying and made me sick , "" said another respondent . "" I have also had HITS with images of what looked like child porn , I hope the kids were of age . I have no idea . "" <p> Mechanical Turk 's Acceptable Use Policy , of course , strictly forbids the transmission of child pornography or anything that depicts non-consensual sex acts . Adult content is permitted as long as the title includes : "" ( WARNING : This HIT may contain adult content . Worker discretion is advised . ) "" However , this worker said , "" There was NO warning that I would have to look at images like this , and it @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the workers of MTurk to train content-moderation tools , Amazon seems to be having difficulty moderating its own platform . Dozens of respondents reported instances that appear to be outright scams , privacy violations , and other violations of Mechanical Turk 's Acceptable Use Policy . While the policy clearly states that a user "" may not use , or encourage others to use , MTurk for any illegal , harmful , fraudulent , infringing , or objectionable activities , "" respondents detailed several examples of alleged activity that would , in aggregate , violate each of the 18 principles Amazon cites in its own Acceptable Use Policy . <p> For instance , while the policy forbids requesters from "" collecting personally identifiable information , "" "" attempting to derive any personally identifiable information about Workers , "" or "" posting HITs that contain personal information of third parties , "" dozens of people reported having been asked to submit their own personal information or transcribe other people 's intimate data . According to one respondent , "" I saw a HIT which revealed the personal identification information for customers @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ address , and credit card numbers . "" <p> Amazon makes it possible for Turkers to contact the company to report alleged violations of its rules , and it was not clear from the responses to our surveys whether workers did so in each of the cases they detailed to Gizmodo . <p> "" Amazon should not let this happen to us . "" <p> Advertisement <p> While definitions of "" harmful "" and "" objectionable "" are subjective , dozens of respondents wrote about bizarre experiences wherein they were asked for personal information for questionable purposes . For example , four respondents told Gizmodo that they had been asked to draw pictures of their genitals for reasons unknown , and more than a dozen respondents claimed to have been asked for photographs of their feet for an undisclosed purpose . As one worker tells it , they were once working for a requester who wanted "" many images of my feet in different positions with socks and without socks . "" Since the requestor allegedly never paid , never responded to the workers ' inquiries , but still received @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that the HIT was probably a scam . "" But I always wonder what happened to all those pictures of feet that he collected . "" <p> While categorizing the graphic videos or images can be traumatic , many respondents said that completing academic surveys can be even worse . According to a 2016 Pew Research Center report , more than 800 studies -- ranging from medical research to social science -- were published using data on Mechanical Turk in 2015 alone . In fact , outgoing web traffic from Mechanical Turk to external survey providers like Qualtrics indicate that in the last six months Mechanical Turk has seen tasks from dozens of universities including NYU , Columbia , Cornell , Stanford , and Yale . <p> Yet as benign as academic research may seem , 12 percent of respondents claimed that the worst or strangest experience on Mechanical Turk was due to what can only be described as uncomfortable personal data requests wherein the worker reported feeling emotionally traumatized by an academic survey . <p> A worker claimed that after having to fill in a suicide-related survey , they @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ though it had been 10 years since they last felt depressed , while a different Turker said they were "" brought to tears "" recalling the cancer diagnosis of a loved one . <p> "" Someone paid me like 50 cents to recall the most painful memory of my life , "" recalled another respondent , "" it fucked me up for the entire day . """
"<h> COVID-19 Spawns an Important New MD Job Title <p> The coronavirus pandemic has caused a massive rewrite of the way we deliver healthcare in the United States . Perhaps most consequential among many changes has been the remarkably rapid pivot to telehealth . <p> Bernard Godley , MD , PhD <p> Regulators and payers have relaxed patient privacy and reimbursement policies that had inhibited the use of telehealth , dramatically altering the playing field . We can safely assume that the widespread use of telehealth will outlive the pandemic and become a fixture of patient/provider interactions . <p> As a result , it 's critical to develop a new job title that will integrate telehealth into health system operations and maximize its still untapped potential . As the healthcare system moved away from the transactional model of care and toward the experiential model , a new title was created : Chief Experience Officer . <p> Another new title was created for leaders guiding their systems from volume- to value-based delivery : Chief Transformation Officer . The Chief Medical Information Officer role was created to drive integration of EMRs and other digital platforms in support of system transformation . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in the C-suites of many hospitals , health systems , and large medical groups post-COVID-19 . This title is so new that there is as yet no name for it . Our proposal : Chief of Distance Care Delivery . It might more simply be called Chief of Telehealth , while CMO for Telehealth or Chief Digital Care Officer are other options . <p> Post-COVID-19 , convenience and lower cost will continue to drive the expanded use of telehealth . As the crisis subsides , regulatory and reimbursement organizations will require that policies be enacted to bring quality , safety , privacy , and other benchmark standards in line with those of traditional delivery methods . <p> An emerging leadership position will have to be assigned to oversee what could become the primary method of providing ambulatory care , along with artificial intelligence -- driven interfaces and remote patient monitoring technology . What would be the duties of this role , and who would qualify ? <p> Briefly stated , the Chief of Distance Care Delivery ( CDCD ) would conceptualize , implement , and maintain high-quality telehealth services across @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ academic environments , the role also might entail an outcomes research component . <p> Key to the role would be developing and overseeing quality , patient experience , and safety care measurements and protocols . Similar to other dyad structures , the role may evolve to have an administrative and/or nursing partner as telehealth becomes a major source of revenue , potentially overwhelming traditional ambulatory care delivery in some settings . <p> Joseph Kvedar , MD , president of the American Telemedicine Association and professor of dermatology at Harvard Medical School , has personally observed how health systems , physicians , and patients have rapidly embraced telehealth . He notes that at the Brigham and Women's/Massachusetts General Hospital -- affiliated Partners Healthcare System , a network of about 7000 physicians , there were only 1600 virtual patient encounters in February 2020 . In April 2020 , that number had jumped to 242,000 . <p> In 2018 , 18% of physicians treated patients through telehealth , according to a national survey conducted by Merritt Hawkins ( an AMN Healthcare company ) on behalf of The Physicians Foundation . In an April @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that the number of doctors treating patients through telehealth had increased to 48% . <p> "" Patients love the telehealth experience , and physicians have come around to its benefits , "" Kvedar told us in a recent conversation . "" There 's no doubt that the expanded role of telehealth is going to stick . "" <p> Christine Mackey-Ross , RN <p> Though exceptions are possible , the role would most likely be filled by a physician leader , according to Kvedar . An advanced clinical perspective would be required , as the CDCD would be responsible for assessing which services can be safely and effectively delivered through telehealth and which can not . A command of data , medical training , and experience would be essential to both conceptualize the program and ensure its clinical effectiveness . <p> Somewhat surprisingly , Kvedar suggests that the CDCD would not necessarily be a change agent . <p> "" At this point , the key players have embraced telehealth concepts and technology . You do n't have to convince them to change , "" Kvedar said . "" Now the position @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ telehealth into all the necessary patient record touchpoints ? What is the right balance between your brick-and-mortar resources and your virtual resources ? How do you address all the reimbursement , patient privacy , and related challenges ? "" <p> Candidates for the role would not be abundant , as a specific background would be required . An experienced and respected leader with ambulatory care experience would be needed -- someone who understands the practicalities of face-to-face patient encounters . Physician leaders with emergency medicine or primary care backgrounds might have an inside track , given their experience coordinating multiple specialty referrals . <p> Some home healthcare experience would be useful , while a thorough understanding of current telehealth technology and apps available on various platforms would be essential . The CDCD would need experience and aptitude in collecting and analyzing patient data , with a focus on outcomes research and safety , as well as knowledge of the regulatory environment . When serving at academic medical centers , scholarly output may be required . A deep IT background may not be necessary , as the technical aspects of implementation @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , commitment to quality , and the ability to lead . <p> "" The position does n't require a heavy technical background and it would be a mistake to make that the main qualification , "" Kvedar said . "" You have to understand how the technology affects the user -- whether the physician or the patient -- and you need to be conversant enough with it so that you ca n't be fooled by people who know more . But as someone who is or has been an active practitioner , your main focus should be smoothly integrating telehealth into overall operations . "" <p> Success would be measured the same as in any service line , by evaluating gains in quality and safety metrics , outcomes , variations in care , market share growth , efficiencies , cost comparisons or cost per unit of service , and patient experience . The CDCD would typically report to the Chief Medical Officer ( CMO ) and would interact with the Chief Medical Information Officer ( CMIO ) , the Chief Quality Officer , Chief Experience Officer , Chief Transformation Officer @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , system , or group . <p> Compensation probably would be at the Associate CMO/CMIO range , somewhere between $250,000 and $390,000 , depending on experience , medical specialty , and clinical full-time equivalent . <p> Together , these leaders would develop the strategies , systems , staffing configurations , technical solutions , and outcomes metrics necessary to guide us from what remains a largely volume-oriented , transactional model of care that is behind the virtual curve , to the value-based , patient-oriented , technically advanced model to which we all aspire . <p> This , of course , is the optimistic view , but given the inspiring way healthcare professionals nationwide have responded to the current crisis , we 're confident we can get there . <h> Christine Mackey-Ross , RN <h> Comments <p> **36;775;TOOLONG <p> Commenting is limited to medical professionals . To comment please Log-in . <p> Comments on Medscape are moderated and should be professional in tone and on topic . You must declare any conflicts of interest related to your comments and responses . Please see our Commenting Guide for further information . We reserve @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> Comments on Medscape are moderated and should be professional in tone and on topic . You must declare any conflicts of interest related to your comments and responses . Please see our Commenting Guide for further information . We reserve the right to remove posts at our sole discretion ."
"<h> Please help us continue to provide you with free , quality journalism by turning off your ad blocker on our site . <h> Thank you for signing in . <p> If this is your first time registering , please check your inbox for more information about the benefits of your Forbes account and what you can do next ! <p> I agree to receive occasional updates and announcements about Forbes products and services . You may opt out at any time . <p> I 'd like to receive the Forbes Daily Dozen newsletter to get the top 12 headlines every morning . <p> Forbes takes privacy seriously and is committed to transparency . We will never share your email address with third parties without your permission . By signing in , you are indicating that you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . <p> Open source developments in music are leading the industry in a new direction . An increasing number of creators , for example , are building custom instruments and software , then choosing to make the products open source , or sharable in source code format , which allows other creators to produce derivative works free of charge for non-commercial use . <p> "" While open sourcing has been happening on a small scale among academics for some time , it converted over the past few years and is now growing mainstream , "" says Ajay Kapur , professor and director of music technology at the California Institute of the Arts ( CalArts ) , pointing to a new movement of electronic artists seeking to create unique sounds and names for themselves on social media . "" It 's been really amazing , there has been so much open source stuff happening in the industry driven by the maker movement . "" <p> Kapur explains that with electronic bits like microcontrollers available -- tutorials included -- online , artists can access parts and download code to create new , unique instruments and sounds . Artists are strategically featuring code on their websites to drive web traffic , he says , just as they are working to enhance the role that audio plays in enhancing augmented and virtual reality ( AR/VR ) experiences . <p> "" You kind of see it with AI ( artificial intelligence ) , "" Kapur explains . "" Instead of charging for their AI , Google released everything open sourced . Who would have imagined ... it has changed the landscape of AI , and we 're seeing the same type of movement in the arts as well . "" <p> The new music sharing culture will ultimately decrease friction between creators and consumers while offering artists opportunities to build more viable careers , says Nicole d'Avis , managing director of the Berklee Institute for Creative Entrepreneurship at Berklee College of Music . <p> "" At first this was a foreign , controversial concept for the music industry . But other industries have proven that ( open source ) is the way to go -- major players see us as an ally to take their technology-heavy standards and make them usable by more people , "" says d'Avis , also an operating committee member of non-profit Open Music Initiative ( OMI ) that Berklee College of Music and the MIT Connection Science launched in 2016 to advance open standards for musical rights owner identification , educate creators about intellectual property rights and coordinate and promote innovation across the music industry . <p> BOSTON , MA - MARCH 17 : The Berklee Performance Center building at 136 Massachusetts Avenue , right , ... + at the Berklee College of Music campus in Boston is pictured on March 17 , 2020 . ( Photo by David L. Ryan/The Boston Globe via Getty Images ) <p> Boston Globe via Getty Images <p> Comprised of leading academic institutions , music and media industry organizations , creators , technologists and other experts , OMI is focused on building application programming interface ( API ) specifications that enable industry platform connectivity . Opportunities exist to simplify the ways in which music rights owners are identified and compensated , d'Avis explains , which ultimately creates sustainable business models for new and established artists . <p> OMI is developing an open network called RAIDAR : Rights &amp; Asset Information in Decentralized , Authoritative Repositories to support the three pillars of open music : open protocols ( to streamline and expedite attributions and correct payments ) , education ( on intellectual property and artist practices ) and innovation ( to grow the pie for the entire music industry ) . Scheduled to launch in June , the system will offer student creators a place to upload their high-quality music files before rolling out into larger markets targeting individual artists , indie labels and start-up operations . The architecture stands out in the industry , d'Avis says , because it was developed "" by artists , for artists "" to better monetize assets and maintain control over their work . <p> "" This is a way for Berklee to show what is possible -- it is an extension of the architecture of the future of the music industry , "" d'Avis says . "" We will turn it over to the music industry , not for data or profit , but to begin building solutions , and that is when it will get interesting . "" <p> OMI operating committee member George Howard , also a professor of music business and management at Berklee College of Music , and a contributor to Forbes.com , says that the travel industry serves as a prime example of a market that was revolutionized by opening data and linking databases together to supply information to travel-related websites . <p> "" The music industry does not have a similar analogy , and that is what we are trying to build here , "" explained Howard . "" We believe in the bottom-up , artist-centric approach -- it 's about helping artists create sustainable careers on their own terms . "" <p> I am a professional , award-winning journalist with more than 15 years of experience writing about arts and entertainment for leading newspapers and magazines across the <p> ... <p> I am a professional , award-winning journalist with more than 15 years of experience writing about arts and entertainment for leading newspapers and magazines across the country . As a graduate Media Management student at The New School , I am also building a solid foundation in the latest practices and concepts for managing traditional and emergent media organizations and platforms ."
"<h> Abstract <p> Infants ' remarkable learning abilities allow them to rapidly acquire many complex skills . It has been suggested that infants achieve this learning by optimally allocating their attention to relevant stimuli in the environment , but the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood . Here , we modeled infants ' looking behavior during a learning task through an ideal learner that quantified the informational structure of environmental stimuli . We show that saccadic latencies , looking time , and time spent engaged with a stimulus sequence are explained by the properties of the learning environments , including the level of surprise of the stimulus , overall predictability of the environment , and progress in learning the environmental structure . These findings reveal the factors that shape infants ' advanced learning , emphasizing their predisposition to seek out stimuli that maximize learning . <h> INTRODUCTION <p> By the moment they are born , infants have already learned astonishingly much about their environment : Newborns can discriminate their native language from an unfamiliar one ( 1 ) and recognize stimuli to which they were exposed while in the womb ( @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , infants continue to learn about the physical and social world around them at a breathtaking rate ( 3 ) . Infants thus must have extremely flexible and sophisticated learning skills , but unexpectedly , little is known about the learning strategies that enable them to learn so much so quickly . <p> Previous research suggested that infants ' learning might benefit from biases that guide their attention to relevant environmental stimuli . For instance , it has been proposed that infants direct their attention preferably to stimuli that are maximally novel ( 4 ) or that are neither too predictable nor too surprising ( 5 , 6 ) . For example , Kidd et al . ( 5 ) presented infants with sequences of visual stimuli and quantified the complexity of each stimulus in terms of information-theoretic surprise . They found that infants were more likely to look away from the screen when stimuli were either too simple or too complex , while they were more likely to look at stimuli that had an intermediate level of complexity . However , others have proposed that organisms search for situations @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with this , it has been found that infants avoid redundant information and rather prefer variable stimuli ( 8 ) . <p> Simple strategies such as surprise maximization or redundancy avoidance might aid learning , as they allow agents to avoid spending time on challenges that have already been mastered . However , they have two major shortcomings . First , an organism who only seeks out stimuli with maximal novelty or unpredictability would risk getting stuck with too difficult tasks or in overly complex situations in which no regularities can be detected and nothing is learned ( 9 ) . Second , it has been shown that the same level of surprise ( or novelty ) can have a different utility for learning depending on environmental volatility ( 10 ) , task relevance ( 11 ) , prior beliefs ( 12 ) , and many other factors ( 13 ) . A bias that focuses on surprise irrespective of any other environmental context is thus suboptimal ( 14 ) . <p> Recently , researchers in the field of developmental robotics have proposed an alternative learning strategy that -- rather @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ fosters learning itself ( 9 , 15 ) . This strategy entails the maximization of the learning progress : It motivates the agent to explore situations that are initially unknown and to keep focusing on them only if they offer a learning opportunity . A learner aiming to maximize learning progress will not focus on stimuli that it can already predict ( where prediction error is minimized ) or stimuli that are completely unpredictable ( where prediction error is maximized ) . Rather , the learner will focus on situations that offer an information gain , as long as they do so ( 9 ) . Similarly , in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning , newly developed curiosity-driven algorithms ( 16 , 17 ) challenged the most common heuristic exploration methods . Curiosity-driven algorithms drive artificial agents toward the maximization of the learning progress , leading to more efficient learning and superior learning outcomes ( 18 ) . Here , we tested whether infants rely on similar learning strategies . Specifically , we hypothesized that infants as young as 8 months of age preferably attend to stimuli @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the most novel or unpredictable patterns . <h> RESULTS <h> General approach <p> We compared infants ' behavioral performance , as indexed by eye-tracking data , to the performance of an ideal learner model . This process involved three main steps . The first step concerned the collection and processing of infant looking data on their learning from a sequence of visual stimuli . The second step entailed building an ideal learner model , feeding it with the same stimuli that infants saw and obtaining output estimates . These can be considered as parallel steps . The last step consisted of relating the infants ' data to the estimates of the ideal learner model . If the model and the infants process the same environmental features , their performance should be correlated . <p> In an eye-tracking experiment , we presented 50 infants with sequences of cue-target trials ( Fig. 1 ) . In each sequence , the cue consisted of a simple shape appearing in the middle of the screen . The target was the same shape reappearing in one of four screen quadrants around the cue location . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ) was the same across all trials of the sequence but changed across sequences . Some sequences ( i.e. , 4 ) were deterministic , as the target always appeared in the same location . Most of the sequences ( i.e. , 12 ) were probabilistic : The target could appear in any location , but one location was more likely than the others ( see movie S1 for an example ) . Infants could thus learn to predict the most likely target location of each sequence . <p> The cue looms in the center of the screen . After 750 ms , the target rotates in one of the four quadrants . ITI , intertrial interval ; ISI , interstimulus interval . <p> For each trial , we measured three different variables to answer the following three questions . First , we asked which characteristics of a stimulus determined whether infants keep looking at it or look away . In infant habituation studies , looking away from the screen has been taken as a measure of lack of interest in the stimulus ( 19 ) . More specifically , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ infant to stop allocating cognitive resources to the stimulus ( 20 ) . We hypothesized that the main factor determining infants ' looking away from the screen was the learning progress that a stimulus offered . Second , we examined whether infants ' learning strategy was successful . When infants have an efficient model of the statistical environment , they become faster in directing their gaze toward predictable targets but slower in looking at events that are surprising or unpredictable ( 21 , 22 ) . Last , we tested whether the learning progress a trial offered affected infants ' trial-by-trial information processing . When the offered learning progress is high , infants need more time to process the stimuli , and this should be reflected in an increase of looking time over the targets , as has already been shown in adults ( 23 ) . <p> The sequences of cue-target associations seen by infants were also given as input to an ideal learner model ( see Fig. 2 ) . The model kept track of the probability with which targets appeared in each location and updated the probabilities @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , we then derived from the model for each trial an estimate of ( i ) how surprising the trial was ( surprise ) , ( ii ) how predictable the sequence was at that moment in time ( negative entropy ) , and ( iii ) how much learning progress the trial offered ( information gain ) . Each of these factors might play a crucial role in determining infants ' information-processing and attention during learning , and here , we were able to pit them against each other . <p> At the beginning of a sequence , the ideal learner has no expectations on where the target will appear . The four locations ( A , B , C , and D ) are equally probable . At each following trial , probabilities are updated depending on the observed target location . The ideal learner then estimates surprise , predictability , and learning progress . <h> Relating infants ' data to the estimates of the ideal learner model <p> We first used a generalized additive model to examine what factors predicted whether infants looked away from the sequence @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ as they allow for any type of nonlinear relation between dependent and independent variables . As reported in Fig. 3 ( see also tables S1 to S3 ) , we found that the strongest predictor of infants ' looking away was the learning progress offered by the stimulus Wald ? 2 = 48.87 , edf ( effective degrees of freedom ) = 4 , P &lt; 0.001 . When the learning progress was high , infants were more likely to keep looking at the sequence . In turn , if a stimulus did not allow learning to proceed fast , then infants were more likely to look away . Consistent with previous research ( 5 , 22 ) , stimulus surprise ( Wald ? 2 = 19.38 , edf = 3 , P &lt; 0.001 ) and sequence predictability ( Wald ? 2 = 21.87 , edf = 1 , P &lt; 0.001 ) also played a role in determining infants ' allocation of attention . Infants were more likely to look away if the sequence of stimuli was too predictable or too unpredictable ( Fig. 3B ) . Moreover @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ were more surprising ( Fig. 3A ) . However , additional analyses showed that these effects were much weaker ( five and three times , respectively ) than the impact that learning progress had on the probability of looking away ( table S3 ) . These results reveal that infants are equipped with more advanced learning skills than known to date : From early in their lives , they allocate cognitive resources depending on the learning progress that a stimulus offers . <p> Surprise ( A ) , predictability ( B ) , and learning progress ( C ) independently affected infant 's probability of looking away . Probability of looking away is expressed in terms of hazard . The effect of time was controlled while estimating the effects of the three information-theoretic variables . Model comparison showed that the full model with all regressors had a statistically better model fit than any other partial model ( table S1 ) . A follow-up generalized linear model ( GLM ) returned beta coefficients and effect sizes for each regressor ( table S2 ) . <p> Second , we examined whether this @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , they get faster in anticipating predictable events and slower in directing their gaze to surprising events ( 21 ) or unpredictable patterns ( 22 ) . As reported in Fig. 4A and table S4 , this was the case in our experiment , and learning was indeed successful . <p> Saccadic latency correlates with surprise and predictability ( A ) , while looking time correlates with the learning progress ( B ) . On the y axis , the size of beta coefficients for the three variables of interest ( surprise , predictability , and learning progress ) is given . Time was added as covariate to both models . Its effect was small but significant ( see tables S4 and S5 ) . Also , saccadic latency was added as covariate when estimating the effects of information-theoretic constructs on looking time ( see Materials and Methods ) . *P &lt; 0.05 . <p> Last , we show that infants are engaged in a trial-by-trial updating process to constantly refine their model of the environment . A stimulus that offers the opportunity to learn also has a greater impact @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ environment must change . In other words , when infants ' learning is proceeding at a faster pace , they need to update their model more . To examine whether infants were engaging in this trial-by-trial updating process , we performed a generalized linear regression with looking time on the target stimulus as dependent variable . As depicted in Fig. 4B and table S5 , infants spent more time looking at a stimulus when it required greater updating , even after controlling for stimulus surprise , sequence predictability , and the passage of time . Conversely , surprise and predictability were unrelated to looking time . These results show not only that infants seek out situations that require maximal model updating but also that these situations imply and could lead to more learning . This would be in line with previous theoretical work ( 14 ) , where better learning emerged from an artificial agent seeking out situations that required greatest adaptation . <h> DISCUSSION <p> We tested infants on a visual learning task , monitored their performance with eye tracking , and compared their behavior to the performance of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ idea that infants build predictive models and constantly update their predictions based on what they observe in their environment . Moreover , they actively use the information about learning progress to allocate their cognitive resources strategically in a way that maximizes learning . These results challenge the idea that infants ' exploration of the environment is solely biased by stimulus surprise or unpredictability . Rather , the learning progress framework offers a more extended explanation for why developing organisms might learn so much so quickly : They are driven to search for stimuli that maximize the learning progress . <p> The current findings are in line with the predictive processing framework , which holds that the brain is essentially a prediction engine ( 25 , 26 ) . From what we expect to see in a visual scene to what we expect another person to do , our brain is constantly trying to predict how events unfold . In other words , the brain is engaged in a continuous attempt to reduce uncertainty . An organism that preferably engages in activities that maximize learning will quickly minimize environmental unpredictability and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . Moreover , the avoidance of highly surprising stimuli as we found it can be explained within the predictive coding framework . When information is inconsistent with its current model of the environment , an agent has two viable policies ( 26 ) . One is to change its model to fit the new information and the other is to disregard the new information . The latter alternative might explain why infants look away when information is too surprising . <p> The effect of learning progress on infants ' attention might also help to reconcile the apparent contradiction between infants ' familiarity and novelty preference ( 27 ) . The idea that infant attentional preference is dynamic is well established in developmental research ( 28 ) , and yet , it is still unclear why some studies report infants ' preference for novel stimuli , while others find a preference for familiar ones , even across very similar paradigms ( 29 ) . Our results suggest that infants keep focusing on familiar stimuli as long as they offer learning progress ( which explains the familiarity preference ) but they switch @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ explains the novelty preference ) . This is in line with previous work proposing that habituation emerges from the opponent , complementary processes of hippocampal selective inhibition and cortical long-term potentiation ( 30 ) . <p> In the current paper , we showed that infants tailor their attention to maximize learning , but we remain agnostic with respect to the mechanisms that support this behavior . A likely possibility is that infants find gaining new information intrinsically rewarding ( 20 ) . In this perspective , curiosity would be the internal motivation that drives infants ' attention and learning . However , feedback and external rewards might also play a role ( 31 ) , as learning might be driven by the rewards obtained ( or lack of rewards ) following an action . Curiosity seems to activate similar brain areas as primary rewards , such as food ( 32 ) , and dopaminergic neurons have been found to fire both for extrinsic and informational rewards ( 33 ) . Hence , these two mechanisms might be intertwined ( 34 ) . Some authors have suggested that analogous neural processes @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ decision strategies ( 35 ) . This hypothesis awaits further verification . <h> MATERIALS AND METHODS <h> Participants <p> Fifty 8-month-old infants ( M = 8 m0d , SD = 12 d , 25 females ) were recruited for the study from a database of volunteer families . Infants had to carry out at least 20 trials to be included in the analysis . Six infants failed to reach this threshold and were thus excluded from the analysis . One additional infant was excluded due to a MATLAB crash . The final sample consisted of 43 infants ( M = 7 m29d , SD = 12 d , 24 females ) . Families received a book or 10 Euros for their participation . The local ethics review board approved the study ( Ethical approval number : ECSW2017-3001-470 ) , and the institutional review board guidelines were followed . <h> Experimental design <p> The stimuli consisted of eight shapes ( star , heart , trefoil , triangle , crescent , rhombus , octagon , and cross ) . The shapes were presented as cues and as targets within a frame ( @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the screen in four locations ( the target locations ) , and a central circular area defined the cue location . Cues were looming in the center of the screen . Targets were rotating in one of the four locations around the center of the screen ( see movie S1 ) . <p> Infants were presented with 16 sequences of cue-target couplings . Each sequence was composed of 15 trials . Every trial consisted of a cue phase ( 1000 ms ) , an interstimulus interval ( 750 ms ) , a target phase ( 1500 ms ) , and an intertrial interval ( 750 ms ) . In the cue phase , a simple shape ( e.g. , a star ) appeared in the middle of the screen . In the target phase , the same shape appeared in one of four quadrants . <p> Every sequence consisted of one only type of shape ( e.g. , only stars ) . The shape location during the target phase was systematically manipulated . In four of the 16 sequences , the target appeared in the same location in 100% of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in one quadrant 80% of the times and the remaining 20% of the times its appearance was distributed over the other three locations ; in the remaining six sequences , the target appeared in one quadrant 60% of the times and the remaining 40% of the times its appearance was distributed over the other three locations . Hence , the cue was always predictive of the target location , but its degree of predictability varied . <p> We created the sequences in MATLAB . First , 16 sequences were sampled pseudo-randomly , with the probabilities specified above as only constraint . Then , the sequences were concatenated . To check that the target location could be predicted only by relying on cue-target conditional probabilities , we fed the result of the sampling into a machine learning random forest classifier . If the classifier was able to reliably predict the target location with no information about the cue-target conditional probabilities ( e.g. , it successfully predicted the target location at trial N only based on target location at trial N-1 ) , then the entire process was repeated and new sequences @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ presented to all participants . The only element of the sequences that was pseudo-randomized across participants was the exact location of the target . For example , participants 1 and 2 would see the same deterministic sequence , but for participant 1 , the target always appeared in the upper left corner , while for participant 2 , the target always appeared in the bottom right corner . In this way , every participant was exposed to the same statistical regularities , but we were able to control for other biases ( e.g. , toward the left side of the screen ) , that might have influenced participants ' performance . Averaging across all trials of all sequences , each of the four target locations had the same probability of showing the target ( 25% ) . <p> Throughout the presentation of the stimuli , background music was played to increase overall attention toward the screen . <h> Procedure <p> The study was conducted in a quiet room without daylight . Infants were seated in a baby seat placed on their caregiver 's lap , 60 to 65 cm from @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ using a Tobii X300 eye-tracker ( www.tobii.com ) . Infants ' behavior was monitored through an external video camera . Stimulus presentation and data collection were carried out using MATLAB Psychtoolbox . For every infant , the eye-tracker was calibrated with a five-point calibration sequence . If more than two points were not accurately calibrated , the calibration was repeated for a maximum of three times . <p> The sequences were played one after the other . When the infant looked away from the screen for 1 s or more , the sequence was stopped . When the infant looked back to the screen , the following sequence was played . The experiment lasted until the infant had watched all 16 sequences or became fussy . Parents were instructed not to interact with their child , unless infants sought their attention and , even in that case , not to try to bring infants ' attention back to the screen . <h> Data processing <p> Raw eye-tracking data were first processed through identification by 2-means clustering ( I2MC ) ( 36 ) . Settings for the I2MC algorithm were the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of 6.7 ms ; clustering window size of 200 ms ; downsampling was set to 150 , 60 , and 30 Hz ; window step size of 20 ms ; clustering-weight cutoff of 2 SDs above the mean ; merge fixation distance of 0.7 ? ; merge fixation time of 40 ms ; and minimum fixation duration of 40 ms . It has been shown that , when sampling at 300 Hz , these settings make I2MC very robust to high-noise infant data ( 36 ) . The output of I2MC is a list of fixation points , each consisting of x-y coordinates ( expressed in pixels ) and a timestamp ( expressed in milliseconds ) . <p> Areas of interest of 400 ? 400 pixels were then delineated around the four target locations and the central cue location . Saccadic latencies , looking times to the targets , and look-away trials were extracted using MATLAB . These variables were standardized for every individual participant by computing z-scores using each participant 's mean and SD in lieu of the group-level mean and SD . <h> Statistical analysis <p> Look-aways . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ away from a certain sequence . To do so , we used additive Cox models with time-varying covariates . This type of model allowed us to explore any kind of relationship between independent and dependent variables and not just linear relationships . It also allowed us to analyze truncated data such as look-aways , which violated the assumptions of the more common generalized linear model ( GLM ) . We fitted the models using the R-package "" mgcv . "" <p> First , we performed a model comparison procedure to select the model with the highest goodness of fit . The aim of the model comparison is to identify which statistical model among the ones that are available better explains the pattern of the behavioral data . To score the goodness of fit of each model , we used Akaike 's information criterion ( AIC ) . However , AIC ignores uncertainty related to smoothing parameters , which makes larger models more likely to fit better . We solve this problem as suggested by Wood et al . ( 37 ) . Specifically , we compute the conditional AIC in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that accounts for the uncertainty of the smoothing parameters . This correction makes complex models less likely to win over simpler ones . <p> A common way of comparing two models is to check the difference between their AIC . Here , ? AIC is computed as the difference between the AIC of a given model and the AIC of the best model . Hence , the higher the ? AIC is , the worse the model is . <p> The result of model selection is reported in table S1 . The winning model had surprise , predictability , learning progress , and time as covariates and subjects as random factor . Time was expressed in two ways . First , in terms of trial number within a certain sequence ( sequence-wise time ) . Second , in terms of overall number of trials seen during the task ( task-wise time ) . The parameters of the winning model are reported in table S2 . All the independent variables had a significant effect on the probability of looking away . <p> Additive models provide the potential for better fits to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of interpretability : The effect of additive parameters can not be quantified as clearly as the effect of ? parameters . Hence , we fitted another model where we specified the relation between independent and dependent variables , instead of leaving it unspecified . This allows us to obtain beta coefficients and effect sizes . Given the results of the additive model , we specify a linear effect of surprise and learning progress and a quadratic effect of predictability . The results confirm the effects found with the additive model and are reported in table S3 . As in Kidd et al . ( 5 ) , and to allow direct comparison across studies , we used ? ? as a measure of the effect size . Learning progress shows the strongest effect size ( ? ? = 7.02 ) , followed by surprise ( ? ? = 2.44 ) and predictability ( ? ? = 1.27 ) . <p> Saccadic latency and looking time . Since the distribution of both saccadic latency and looking time to the target was not normal as is common for reaction time data , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a linear model . GLMs allow the specification of the distribution of the data , leading to a better model fit and respecting the assumptions of linear regression . Specifically , we used a Cullen and Frey graph to check the distribution type that most closely resembled the ones of our data . We did so via bootstrapping 500 values from the distribution of each dependent variable . This method showed that saccadic latencies and looking time were distributed following a logistic distribution rather than a normal distribution . The logistic distribution is similar to the normal distribution but has heavier tails . The models were fitted in R using the GAMLSS package . <p> First , we estimated the effects of the information-theoretic measures on saccadic latencies . Time was added as a covariate , as saccadic latencies might decrease as a function of time just because of a practice effect or familiarity with the task . Participants were added as a random factor to control for interindividual differences . As reported in table S4 , the results show a significant effect of surprise and predictability . The selected @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ( ? AIC = 119 ) . It also fitted better than a more common linear model , which assumes normally distributed data ( ? AIC = 147 ) . Last , to make sure that the correlation between information-theoretic values would not hinder the estimation of beta coefficients , we computed the variance inflation factor ( VIF ) for every independent variable . When the VIF is above 5 , there might be a problem with multicollinearity . However , the VIFs were all below 5 ( 2.28 for surprise , 2.45 for predictability , 2.78 for learning progress , and 1.04 for time ) . <p> A similar model was fitted for fixation times . The only difference was that , in addition to the information-theoretic measures and time , saccadic latencies were also added as covariate . Given that saccadic latencies and fixation times were related ( r = -0.59 ) , in this way , we estimated the relationship between information-theoretic measures and fixation time controlling for fluctuations in saccadic latencies . The results are reported in table S5 . The selected model fitted better than @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ also better than a simple linear model ( ? AIC = 248 ) . Last , also in this model , the VIFs were all below 5 ( 2.38 for surprise , 2.49 for predictability , 2.81 for learning progress , 1.05 for saccadic latencies , and 1.04 for time ) . <h> Ideal learner model <p> In the current study , we expected infants to keep track of the probabilities with which targets appeared in the four quadrants , update these probabilities at each trial , track the level of surprise of each event , the level of predictability of the sequence at each trial , and the amount of learning progress that the trial offered . Following previous literature ( 23 , 40 ) , we developed an ideal learner model that performs the same computations . <p> The model is presented with a set of events x . An event is , for example , the target appearing in the upper left corner of the screen . The events followed each other until the sequence ended ( or the infant looked away ) . The last event @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of the sequence , is named j , and the sequence can thus be denoted by Xj=x1 , ... , xj . The first goal of the model is to estimate the probability with which a certain event x will occur . Given that the target can appear in one of four possible locations k , the distribution of probabilities can be parameterized by the random vector p = p1 , ... , pk , where pk is the probability of the target appearing in the kth location . In our specific case , the target locations are four , and thus , p = p1 , p2 , p3 , p4 . The ideal learner treats p1 : 4 as parameters that must be estimated trial by trial given Xj . In other words , given the past events up until the current trial , the ideal learner will estimate the probabilities with which the target will appear in any of the four possible target locations . <p> At the very beginning of each sequence , the ideal learner expects the target to appear in one of the four @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ as a prior Dirichlet distributionP(pa)=Dir ( p ; ak ) ( 1 ) where all elements of a are equal to one , a = 1,1,1,1 . In this case , the parameter a determines prior expectations . If there is an imbalance between the values of a ( e. g. , a = 100,1,1,1 ) , this means that the model is biased into thinking that the target is more likely to appear in the one location ( p1 in the example ) rather than the others . Conversely , when the numbers are equal , the ideal learner has no biases toward any location . Moreover , high numbers indicate that the model has strong expectations , while low numbers indicate that the model will quickly change its expectations when presented with new evidence . Thus , specifying a = 1,1,1,1 , we are defining a weak uniform prior distribution . In other words , the model has no bias toward any location but is ready to change these expectations if presented with contradicting evidence . <p> At every trial , the prior distribution is updated given the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . The posterior distribution of such update is given byP ( pXj , a ) =Dir ( pj ; nkj+ak ) ( 2 ) where nkj refers to the number of outcomes of type k observed up until the trial j . As a practical example , imagine that , at trial 1 , the model observes a target in the location 1 ( i.e. , 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) . The values of a will be updated with the evidence accumulated , thus moving from 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 to 2 , 1 , 1 , 1 . This implies that now it is slightly more likely to see the target in location 1 than in any of the other locations . Specifically , the probability of the target appearing in any location can be computed from the posterior distribution P ( p Xj , a ) in the following fashionp ( xj=kXj-1 , a ) =nkj-1+1j-1+K(3) <p> In words , how likely the target is to appear in a certain corner is given by the total number of times it appeared @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a ) , divided by the total number of observations , plus 4 ( the sum of the values of a ) . This updating rule implies that as evidence accumulates , new evidence will weigh less . Given that our sequences are stationary ( i.e. , the most likely location does not change within the same sequence ) , this assumption is justified for the current task . <p> At every trial j , the posterior Dirichlet distribution of trial j - 1 becomes the new prior distribution . The new prior is updated using ( 2 ) and the probabilities estimates are computed using ( 3 ) . When infants look away and a new sequence is played , the prior is set back to ( 1 ) . This means that we assume that when infants start looking to a new sequence , they consider it as independent of the previous ones . Previous research in "
"<p> 1 See the attached schedules for adjustments and reconciliations to GAAP numbers . <p> As previously announced , effective today , Stephen E. Macadam , the company 's Chief Executive Officer and President , has retired from those positions and the board of directors has appointed Marvin A. Riley , the company 's Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , to succeed Mr. Macadam as Chief Executive Officer and President . Mr. Macadam has agreed to serve hereafter as Vice Chairman , to facilitate the transition of the company 's leadership and provide assistance to Mr. Riley , until the end of February 2020 , at which time he intends to resign from the board . <p> CEO Comment <p> "" Overall , I am very pleased with our performance during the second quarter . We experienced a substantial year-over-year increase in profitability that was primarily the result of strength in aftermarket parts and services in Power Systems , productivity improvements and lower warranty charges in Sealing Products , and cost control measures across the company . Total EnPro second quarter segment profit was up 55.4% year-over-year , "" said Marvin Riley , Chief Executive Officer . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ growth strategy and our commitment to disciplined strategic investment , we recently announced the addition of two businesses to our Sealing Products segment . On July 2 , we announced the acquisition of The Aseptic Group , which represents a key step in our strategy to grow in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries . On July 22 , we announced plans to acquire LeanTeq Co. , Ltd. , which upon completion will strengthen and expand our existing semiconductor industry presence of $100M+ in revenue , with a primary focus on the aftermarket . Both of these businesses complement our growth strategies in their respective markets and are consistent with our acquisition criteria . "" <p> 2019 Outlook and Guidance <p> "" Given our performance in the first half of the year and our outlook for the remainder of the year , we are tightening our full-year adjusted EBITDA guidance to a range of $225 to $229 million . We now expect adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.45 to $4.59 for the year . Consistent with our guidance policy , we are excluding any anticipated impact from the recently announced @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ unknown and subject to customary conditions , including regulatory approvals , "" said Mr. Riley . <p> Full-year guidance excludes changes in the number of shares outstanding , impacts from future acquisitions and acquisition-related costs , restructuring costs , incremental impacts of tariffs and trade tensions on market demand and costs subsequent to the end of the second quarter , the impact of foreign exchange rate changes subsequent to the end of the second quarter , and environmental and legacy litigation charges . <p> Sales and Segment Profit <p> During the second quarter , sales decreased 1.7% compared to the same period of 2018 . Growth in engine aftermarket parts and services , aerospace , and mid-stream oil and gas was more than offset by a combination of weakness within Engineered Products , softness in the semiconductor capital equipment and heavy-duty trucking markets , negative translation impact due to the stronger dollar , and the company 's exit from the industrial gas turbine market in 2018 . Excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation , sales for the quarter declined by 0.2% compared to the second quarter of 2018 . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ year-over-year , primarily as a result of strength in aftermarket parts and services in Power Systems , productivity improvements and lower warranty charges due to unusual warranty charges in the prior-year period that did not recur in Sealing Products , and cost control measures across the company . Excluding the impact of costs related to acquisitions , foreign exchange translation , the change in the loss reserve due to foreign exchange on the EDF contract in the Power Systems segment , and restructuring charges , total segment profit increased 33.4% compared to the second quarter of last year . <p> Capital Allocation <p> During the second quarter , the company invested $8.8 million in facilities , equipment , and software compared to $14.5 million during the same period of 2018 . This excludes $0.7 million of proceeds from the sale of property , plant , and equipment in the second quarter of this year and $25.9 million in the prior year period , which includes the sale of the Oxford industrial gas turbine facility . <p> The company paid a $0.25 per share quarterly dividend with a total value of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a cost of approximately $12.7 million . <p> The company recently announced two acquisitions within the Sealing Products segment . On July 2 , the company completed the acquisition of The Aseptic Group , a distributor , designer , and manufacturer of sterile fluid transfer products for the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries . The Aseptic Group will become part of EnPro 's Garlock Family of Companies . On July 22 , the company announced plans to acquire LeanTeq Co. , Ltd . LeanTeq primarily provides refurbishment services for critical components and assemblies used in state-of-the-art semiconductor equipment . This equipment is used to produce the latest and most technologically advanced microchips for smartphones , autonomous vehicles , high-speed wireless connectivity ( 5G ) , artificial intelligence , and other leading-edge applications . Upon completion of the acquisition , LeanTeq will be part of EnPro 's Technetics Group . This transaction , which is subject to customary closing conditions , including regulatory approvals , is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019 . <p> Segment Highlights <p> Sealing Products <p> Sales decreased 6.4% in the second quarter versus the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and heavy-duty trucking markets as well as the company 's exit from the industrial gas turbine market in 2018 . This decline was partially offset by strength in the aerospace and midstream oil and gas markets . Excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation , sales decreased 5.4% compared to the prior-year period . <p> Segment profit increased 52.3% in the second quarter versus the prior-year period , driven primarily by productivity improvements , cost control measures , lower warranty charges due to unusual warranty charges in the prior-year period that did not recur , and the company 's exit from the industrial gas turbine market in 2018 . Excluding the impact of restructuring costs , acquisition-related costs , and unfavorable foreign exchange translation , segment profit increased 37.7% compared to the prior-year period . <p> Engineered Products <p> Sales decreased 7.5% in the second quarter versus the prior-year period , primarily due to foreign exchange translation and weakness in automotive and general industrial markets . Excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation , sales decreased 3.5% compared to the prior-year period due to the aforementioned reasons . <p> Sales @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ due to strong aftermarket parts and military marine engine sales , partially offset by lower sales to the power generation market . <p> Segment profit increased in the second quarter versus the prior-year period primarily due to the increase in higher-margin aftermarket parts and service sales and reduced SG&amp;A costs . Excluding the impact of foreign exchange on the EDF contract , segment profit increased 150.7% . <p> Conference Call and Webcast Information <p> EnPro will hold a conference call tomorrow , July 30 , at 8:30 a.m . Eastern Time to discuss second quarter 2019 results . Investors who wish to participate in the call should dial 1-877-407-0832 approximately 10 minutes before the call begins and provide conference ID number 13686472 . A live audio webcast of the call and accompanying slide presentation will be accessible from the company 's website , https : **25;1384;TOOLONG . To access the presentation , log on to the webcast by clicking the link on the company 's home page . <p> Non-GAAP Financial Information <p> This press release contains financial measures that have not been prepared in conformity with GAAP . They @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , adjusted EBITDA , adjusted EBITDA margin , as well as segment adjusted EBITDA and segment adjusted EBITDA margin . Tables showing the reconciliation of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP measures are attached to the release . Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted diluted earnings per share anticipated for full year 2019 are calculated in a manner consistent with the historical presentation of these measures in the attached tables . Because of the forward-looking nature of these estimates , it is impractical to present quantitative reconciliations of such measures to comparable GAAP measures , and accordingly no such GAAP measures are being presented . These estimates exclude changes in the number of shares outstanding , impacts from future acquisitions and acquisition-related costs , restructuring costs , incremental impacts of tariffs and trade tensions on market demand and costs subsequent to the end of the second quarter , the impact of foreign exchange rate changes subsequent to the end of the second quarter , and any litigation or environmental charges . Management believes these non-GAAP metrics are commonly used financial measures for investors to evaluate the company 's operating @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's consolidated financial statements , present a useful tool to evaluate the company 's ongoing operations and performance from period to period . In addition , these are some of the factors the company uses in internal evaluations of the overall performance of its businesses . Management acknowledges that there are many items that impact a company 's reported results and the adjustments reflected in these non-GAAP measures are not intended to present all items that may have impacted these results . In addition , these non-GAAP measures are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies . <p> Forward-Looking Statements <p> Statements in this press release that express a belief , expectation or intention , as well as those that are not historical fact , are forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . They involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements . These risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to : general economic conditions in the markets served by our businesses , some of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ availability of raw materials ; the impact of fluctuations in relevant foreign currency exchange rates ; uncertainties with respect to the timing of the closing of the acquisition of LeanTeq , including when and whether all conditions to closing will be satisfied ; uncertainties with respect to the future performance of LeanTeq following its acquisition by EnPro , including the impact of the acquisition on existing customer relationships ; unanticipated delays or problems in introducing new products ; the incurrence of contractual penalties for the late delivery of long lead-time products ; announcements by competitors of new products , services or technological innovations ; changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors ; and the amount of any payments required to satisfy contingent liabilities related to discontinued operations of our predecessors , including liabilities for certain products , environmental matters , employee benefit obligations and other matters . Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including our most recent Form 10-K , describe these and other risks and uncertainties in more detail . We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ expectations or any change in the assumptions or circumstances on which such statements are based . <p> About EnPro Industries <p> EnPro Industries , Inc. is a leader in sealing products , metal polymer and filament wound bearings , components and service for reciprocating compressors , diesel and dual-fuel engines , and other engineered products for use in critical applications by industries worldwide . For more information about EnPro , visit the company 's website at https : **25;1411;TOOLONG . <p> APPENDICES <p> Consolidated Financial Information and Reconciliations <p> EnPro Industries , Inc . <p> Consolidated Statements of Operations ( Unaudited ) <p> For the Quarters and Six Months Ended June 30 , 2019 and 2018 <p> ( Stated in Millions of Dollars , Except Per Share Data ) <p> Quarters Ended <p> Six Months Ended <p> June 30 , <p> June 30 , <p> June 30 , <p> June 30 , <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> Net sales <p> $ <p> 387.0 <p> $ <p> 393.6 <p> $ <p> 747.3 <p> $ <p> 762.4 <p> Cost of sales <p> 261.9 <p> 277.8 <p> 509.1 <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> 240.9 <p> Operating expenses : <p> Selling , general and administrative <p> 83.8 <p> 89.4 <p> 171.6 <p> 181.5 <p> Other <p> 1.0 <p> 4.3 <p> 2.4 <p> 5.3 <p> Total operating expenses <p> 84.8 <p> 93.7 <p> 174.0 <p> 186.8 <p> Operating income <p> 40.3 <p> 22.1 <p> 64.2 <p> 54.1 <p> Interest expense <p> ( 4.5 <p> ) <p> ( 7.3 <p> ) <p> ( 9.7 <p> ) <p> ( 15.5 <p> ) <p> Interest income <p> 0.3 <p> 0.2 <p> 1.0 <p> 0.6 <p> Other expense <p> ( 1.2 <p> ) <p> ( 1.2 <p> ) <p> ( 2.7 <p> ) <p> ( 0.6 <p> ) <p> Income before income taxes <p> 34.9 <p> 13.8 <p> 52.8 <p> 38.6 <p> Income tax expense <p> ( 11.0 <p> ) <p> ( 3.9 <p> ) <p> ( 15.8 <p> ) <p> ( 16.1 <p> ) <p> Net income <p> $ <p> 23.9 <p> $ <p> 9.9 <p> $ <p> 37.0 <p> $ <p> 22.5 <p> Basic earnings per share <p> $ <p> 1.16 <p> $ <p> 0.47 <p> $ <p> 1.79 <p> $ <p> 1.06 <p> Average common @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 20.7 <p> 21.1 <p> Diluted earnings per share <p> $ <p> 1.15 <p> $ <p> 0.47 <p> $ <p> 1.78 <p> $ <p> 1.05 <p> Average common shares outstanding ( millions ) <p> 20.8 <p> 21.1 <p> 20.8 <p> 21.3 <p> EnPro Industries , Inc . <p> Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ( Unaudited ) <p> For the Six Months Ended June 30 , 2019 and 2018 <p> ( Stated in Millions of Dollars ) <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> Operating activities <p> Net income <p> $ <p> 37.0 <p> $ <p> 22.5 <p> Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities : <p> Depreciation <p> 18.5 <p> 19.0 <p> Amortization <p> 17.1 <p> 17.7 <p> Deferred income taxes <p> 0.8 <p> ( 7.5 <p> ) <p> Stock-based compensation <p> 3.3 <p> 3.5 <p> Other non-cash adjustments <p> 1.6 <p> 3.4 <p> Change in assets and liabilities : <p> Asbestos insurance receivables <p> 1.3 <p> 12.3 <p> Accounts receivable , net <p> 8.4 <p> ( 31.4 <p> ) <p> Inventories <p> ( 19.2 <p> ) <p> ( 21.4 <p> ) <p> Accounts payable <p> ( 16.4 @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> 23.3 <p> 100.6 <p> Other non-current assets and liabilities <p> 2.3 <p> ( 16.2 <p> ) <p> Net cash provided by operating activities <p> 78.0 <p> 109.6 <p> Investing activities <p> Purchases of property , plant and equipment <p> ( 17.0 <p> ) <p> ( 28.1 <p> ) <p> Proceeds from sale of property , plant and equipment <p> 1.0 <p> 26.3 <p> Other <p> ( 2.5 <p> ) <p> ( 2.0 <p> ) <p> Net cash used in investing activities <p> ( 18.5 <p> ) <p> ( 3.8 <p> ) <p> Financing activities <p> Proceeds from debt <p> 217.7 <p> 358.6 <p> Repayments of debt , including premiums to par value <p> ( 253.5 <p> ) <p> ( 489.7 <p> ) <p> Repurchase of common stock <p> ( 14.6 <p> ) <p> ( 49.5 <p> ) <p> Dividends paid <p> ( 10.6 <p> ) <p> ( 10.3 <p> ) <p> Other <p> ( 3.4 <p> ) <p> ( 6.6 <p> ) <p> Net cash used in financing activities <p> ( 64.4 <p> ) <p> ( 197.5 <p> ) <p> Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ) <p> Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents <p> ( 5.3 <p> ) <p> ( 95.9 <p> ) <p> Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period <p> 129.6 <p> 189.3 <p> Cash and cash equivalents at end of period <p> $ <p> 124.3 <p> $ <p> 93.4 <p> Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information : <p> Cash paid ( received ) during the period for : <p> Interest <p> $ <p> 9.9 <p> $ <p> 17.0 <p> Income taxes <p> $ <p> ( 5.3 <p> ) <p> $ <p> ( 86.1 <p> ) <p> EnPro Industries , Inc . <p> Consolidated Balance Sheets ( Unaudited ) <p> As of June 30 , 2019 and December 31 , 2018 <p> ( Stated in Millions of Dollars ) <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> Current assets <p> Cash and cash equivalents <p> $ <p> 124.3 <p> $ <p> 129.6 <p> Accounts receivable <p> 278.1 <p> 286.6 <p> Inventories <p> 252.3 <p> 233.1 <p> Income tax receivable <p> 36.5 <p> 49.6 <p> Other current assets <p> 40.2 <p> 33.2 <p> Total current assets <p> 731.4 <p> 732.1 <p> Property , plant and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 333.7 <p> Other intangible assets <p> 285.9 <p> 297.3 <p> Other assets <p> 83.7 <p> 51.5 <p> Total assets <p> $ <p> 1,725.3 <p> $ <p> 1,715.8 <p> Current liabilities <p> Current maturities of long-term debt <p> $ <p> 0.3 <p> $ <p> 2.4 <p> Accounts payable <p> 115.0 <p> 139.2 <p> Accrued expenses <p> 174.4 <p> 150.4 <p> Total current liabilities <p> 289.7 <p> 292.0 <p> Long-term debt <p> 427.9 <p> 462.5 <p> Other liabilities <p> 131.5 <p> 103.6 <p> Total liabilities <p> 849.1 <p> 858.1 <p> Shareholders ' equity <p> Common stock <p> 0.2 <p> 0.2 <p> Additional paid-in capital <p> 288.8 <p> 301.0 <p> Retained earnings <p> 641.3 <p> 603.3 <p> Accumulated other comprehensive loss <p> ( 52.8 <p> ) <p> ( 45.5 <p> ) <p> Common stock held in treasury , at cost <p> ( 1.3 <p> ) <p> ( 1.3 <p> ) <p> Total shareholders ' equity <p> 876.2 <p> 857.7 <p> Total liabilities and equity <p> $ <p> 1,725.3 <p> $ <p> 1,715.8 <p> In January 2019 , we adopted a new accounting standard that requires us to recognize an asset and liability for @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ sheet . We had approximately $30.4 million of assets recorded in other assets , and liabilities of $9.7 million reflected in accrued expenses and $21.2 million in other liabilities at June 30 , 2019 that were not required to be recorded at December 31 , 2018 . <p> Additionally , in January 2019 we adopted a new accounting standard that allowed for the reclassification of disproportionate income tax effects ( "" stranded tax effects "" ) resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings . We made an adjustment reclassifying a net tax benefit of $11.5 million from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings . <p> Income tax receivable , other assets , accrued expenses , other liabilities , and retained earnings at December 31 , 2018 reflect revisions to correct immaterial errors related to certain items affecting the provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31 , 2018 . <p> EnPro Industries , Inc . <p> Segment Information ( Unaudited ) <p> For the Quarters and Six Months Ended June 30 , 2019 and 2018 <p> ( Stated @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> Six Months Ended <p> June 30 , <p> June 30 , <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> Sealing Products <p> $ <p> 239.3 <p> $ <p> 255.7 <p> $ <p> 463.8 <p> $ <p> 487.6 <p> Engineered Products <p> 79.0 <p> 85.4 <p> 158.5 <p> 171.3 <p> Power Systems <p> 69.8 <p> 53.7 <p> 127.1 <p> 105.8 <p> 388.1 <p> 394.8 <p> 749.4 <p> 764.7 <p> Less intersegment sales <p> ( 1.1 <p> ) <p> ( 1.2 <p> ) <p> ( 2.1 <p> ) <p> ( 2.3 <p> ) <p> $ <p> 387.0 <p> $ <p> 393.6 <p> $ <p> 747.3 <p> $ <p> 762.4 <p> Segment Profit <p> Quarters Ended <p> Six Months Ended <p> June 30 , <p> June 30 , <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> Sealing Products <p> $ <p> 29.4 <p> $ <p> 19.3 <p> $ <p> 50.2 <p> $ <p> 43.0 <p> Engineered Products <p> 10.1 <p> 12.1 <p> 16.3 <p> 26.5 <p> Power Systems <p> 9.0 <p> ( 0.2 <p> ) <p> 15.7 <p> 3.8 <p> $ <p> 48.5 <p> $ <p> 31.2 <p> $ <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Ended <p> Six Months Ended <p> June 30 , <p> June 30 , <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> Sealing Products <p> 12.3 <p> % <p> 7.5 <p> % <p> 10.8 <p> % <p> 8.8 <p> % <p> Engineered Products <p> 12.8 <p> % <p> 14.2 <p> % <p> 10.3 <p> % <p> 15.5 <p> % <p> Power Systems <p> 12.9 <p> % <p> N/A <p> 12.4 <p> % <p> 3.6 <p> % <p> 12.5 <p> % <p> 7.9 <p> % <p> 11.0 <p> % <p> 9.6 <p> % <p> Reconciliation of Segment Profit to Net Income <p> Quarters Ended <p> Six Months Ended <p> June 30 , <p> June 30 , <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> 2019 <p> 2018 <p> Segment profit <p> $ <p> 48.5 <p> $ <p> 31.2 <p> $ <p> 82.2 <p> $ <p> 73.3 <p> Corporate expenses <p> ( 7.2 <p> ) <p> ( 8.5 <p> ) <p> ( 16.2 <p> ) <p> ( 17.2 <p> ) <p> Interest expense , net <p> ( 4.2 <p> ) <p> ( 7.1 <p> ) <p> ( 8.7 <p> ) <p> ( 14.9 <p> ) @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> ( 1.8 <p> ) <p> ( 4.5 <p> ) <p> ( 2.6 <p> ) <p> Income before income taxes <p> 34.9 <p> 13.8 <p> 52.8 <p> 38.6 <p> Income tax expense <p> ( 11.0 <p> ) <p> ( 3.9 <p> ) <p> ( 15.8 <p> ) <p> ( 16.1 <p> ) <p> Net income <p> $ <p> 23.9 <p> $ <p> 9.9 <p> $ <p> 37.0 <p> $ <p> 22.5 <p> Segment profit is total segment revenue reduced by operating expenses and restructuring and other costs identifiable with the segment . Corporate expenses include general corporate administrative costs . Expenses not directly attributable to the segments , corporate expenses , net interest expense , asset impairments , gains/losses related to the sale of assets and income taxes are not included in the computation of segment profit . The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those for the Company . <p> Management of the Company believes that it would be helpful to the readers of the financial statements to understand the impact of certain selected items on the Company 's reported net income and earnings per @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ time . The items adjusted for in this schedule are those that are excluded by management in budgeting or projecting for performance in future periods , as they typically relate to events specific to the period in which they occur . This presentation enables readers to better compare EnPro Industries , Inc. to other diversified industrial manufacturing companies that do not incur the sporadic impact of restructuring activities , costs associated with previously disposed of businesses , or other selected items . Management acknowledges that there are many items that impact a company 's reported results and this list is not intended to present all items that may have impacted these results . <p> The restructuring costs , environmental reserve adjustments and other costs associated with previously disposed businesses , and pension ( non-service cost ) are included as part of other operating expense and other expense . The other costs are included in selling , general , and administrative and other operating expenses . <p> The adjusted income tax expense presented above is calculated using a normalized company-wide effective tax rate excluding discrete items of 29.0% . Per share @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ diluted common stock outstanding during the periods . <p> * Adjusted EBITDA as presented also represents the amount defined as "" EBITDA "" under the indenture governing the Company 's 5.75% Senior Notes due 2026 . <p> Supplemental disclosure : For the six months ended June 30 , 2019 , approximately 45% of the adjusted EBITDA as presented above was attributable to EnPro 's subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Company 's 5.75% Senior Notes due 2026"
"<h> AI Systems Predict the Course of Macular Degeneration <p> Two new artificial intelligence programs can predict which eyes are most likely to develop the most severe forms of age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) , according to their creators . <p> If validated with clinical trials , the programs could help clinicians identify the eyes they need to follow most closely so they can begin treatment promptly , or even prescribe prophylaxis . And they might be used to accelerate research . <p> "" This is a great first step , "" Michael Boland , MD , PhD , director of information technology at the Wilmer Eye Institute of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland , told Medscape Medical News . "" This is the exact kind of task that the algorithms are likely to be good at . "" Boland was not involved in either study . <p> The Age-Related Eye Disease Study ( AREDS ) formulation of antioxidants and vitamins can slow the progress of AMD in general , and early treatment with anti-vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) drugs is often effective in preserving vision in the wet form of the disease . <p> But prescribing the AREDS formulation for everyone would be expensive and potentially dangerous , and not enough retinal specialists and equipment are available to screen everyone 's eyes . It is time consuming even to closely monitor those eyes that meet the current criteria for follow-up . <p> The new programs tackle different aspects of these problems . Researchers at London , England , research institutes and the Google-affiliated DeepMind project focused on the fellow eyes of eyes already diagnosed with wet AMD . Jason Yim , from DeepMind ; Reena Chopra , from DeepMind , NIHR Biomedical Research Centre at Moorfields Eye Hospital , and University College London ( UCL ) Institute of Ophthalmology , all in London ; and colleagues report their findings in an article published online May 18 in Nature Medicine . <p> Many patients with wet AMD in one eye rely on clear vision in the fellow eye . Twenty percent of fellow eyes in turn develop the same condition , sharply limiting the daily activities of these patients , the researchers note . Treatment with anti-VEGF drugs is most effective if begun promptly after the wet AMD begins . But monitoring requires the use of optical coherence tomography ( OCT ) , which is difficult to do frequently . <p> "" Could we identify the fate of the good eye in a clinically actionable time frame ? "" wondered coauthor Pearse Keane , MD , MSc , an associate professor of ophthalmology and brain sciences at UCL . <p> To answer that question , the researchers turned to the hottest area of artificial intelligence : deep learning , in which computers simulate the neural networks of the human mind , searching for subtle but important patterns in datasets . <p> Keane , Chopra , and colleagues used a dataset of OCT scans conducted of 2795 patients at multiple times . They applied deep learning to train the computer in two ways . <p> First , they programmed the computer to identify anatomical features in the scans such as drusen volume , geographic atrophy , and hyper-reflective foci , and to look for correlations between these features at various stages and the development of wet AMD . <p> Second , they programmed the computer to look at raw data from the scans , identifying new patterns in the voxels that correlate to development of wet AMD . <p> Finally , they merged the results of these two processes into one program and tested whether it could predict conversion to wet AMD . The program could predict the conversion of most eyes , but it sometimes made mistakes . The researchers tested two settings : one calibrated to identify the largest proportion of the eyes that would convert within 6 months , the other calibrated to minimize the number of errors during that period . <p> In the first setting , the system achieved a true positive rate of 78% and a false positive rate of 56% . In the second setting , it attained a true positive rate of 41% and a false positive rate of 17% . <p> To compare the computer 's performance with that of skilled human beings , the researchers used a subset of the data , randomly choosing at least one scan in the 6 months before conversion . They asked the system to identify which scans were from eyes that later converted to wet AMD . They then compared these results with those from six clinicians : three retina specialists and three optometrists trained in medical retina . <p> The system outperformed five of the clinicians and matched one ( an optometrist ) . Even when they provided fundus images , previous OCT scans , and clinical information to the clinicians , the system was more accurate . ( An F1 score of 0.38 for the computer and 0.23 - 0.33 for the humans . ) <p> Before being used in the clinic , the system needs to be tested in a prospective trial , Keane told Medscape Medical News . And he acknowledged that there is no very effective prophylaxis against conversion to wet AMD , though some are under study . For the time being , the system might be most useful in identifying patients for such trials , he said . "" We 're very excited about this , but we do n't want to overclaim about what we can do , "" he said . "" This is not something that can be used in patient care . "" <p> Researchers in a separate study saw more immediate clinical application for their technology . Alauddin Bhuiyan , from iHealthScreen Inc , in New York City , and colleagues report their findings in an article published online in the April issue of Translational Vision Science &amp; Technology . <p> Using deep learning , this international team trained their computer to classify the severity of color fundus photographs from 4139 participants in the study originally used to test the effectiveness of the AREDS formulation . <p> They combined these severity scores with sociodemographic clinical data and other imaging data . They then applied a logistic model tree learning technique , an artificial intelligence system that uses logistic regression rather than neural networks , to predict risk for progression to late AMD . <p> The system predicted progression to any late-stage form of the disease with 99.2% accuracy . It was 66.88% accurate in predicting progression to late-stage dry AMD and 67.15% accurate in predicting progression to wet AMD within 2 years . <p> Rather than validating their system by testing it against human clinicians , the researchers tested it on a separate database from the Nutritional AMD Treatment-2 ( NAT-2 ) study . On this data set , the system achieved a 2-year late AMD prediction accuracy of 84% . <p> The system could be used not only to identify patients with AMD requiring close monitoring , but also through telemedicine to screen millions of people who have not yet been diagnosed with the disease , Bhuiyan and colleagues write . <p> But the system will have to surmount significant hurdles to prove it can be used in this way , Boland said . The AREDS data set is mostly made up of people who had already been diagnosed with AMD , with only a few "" normal people , "" he said . And this data set did not include people with cataracts , diabetes , and other conditions that could confound the results . "" They have n't gone out into the community and taken pictures , "" he said . <p> The authors of the study in Nature Medicine have disclosed financial relationships with a variety of companies including DeepMind , Heidelberg Engineering , Topcon , Haag-Streit , Allergan , Novartis , Bayer , and Optos . Complete information is available on the journal 's website . The study published in Translational Vision Science &amp; Technology was funded by the National Institutes of Health . One author has disclosed a financial relationship with Image-Based Screening System for Prediction of Individual at Risk of Late-Age-Related Macular Degeneration ( AMD ) . Boland reported a financial relationship with Zeiss . <h> Authors and Disclosures <h> Authors and Disclosures <h> Author(s) <h> Laird Harrison <h> Comments <p> **36;627;TOOLONG <p> Commenting is limited to medical professionals . To comment please Log-in . <p> Comments on Medscape are moderated and should be professional in tone and on topic . You must declare any conflicts of interest related to your comments and responses . Please see our Commenting Guide for further information . We reserve the right to remove posts at our sole discretion . <p> Comments on Medscape are moderated and should be professional in tone and on topic . You must declare any conflicts of interest related to your comments and responses . Please see our Commenting Guide for further information . We reserve the right to remove posts at our sole discretion ."
"<h> Posted ! <h> Join the Conversation <h> Comments <p> Welcome to our new and improved comments , which are for subscribers only . This is a test to see whether we can improve the experience for you . You do not need a Facebook profile to participate . <p> You will need to register before adding a comment . Typed comments will be lost if you are not logged in . <p> Please be polite . It 's OK to disagree with someone 's ideas , but personal attacks , insults , threats , hate speech , advocating violence and other violations can result in a ban . If you see comments in violation of our community guidelines , please report them . <h> With nod from governor , Iowa Board of Regents awards UI utility contract to French investors <p> University of Iowa Power Plant is pictured on Monday , April 15 , 2019 , seen from the rooftop of 316 Madison apartments in Iowa City , Iowa . ( Photo : Joseph Cress/Iowa City Press-Citizen ) <p> The Iowa Board of Regents awarded a pair of international companies a 50-year deal to run the University of Iowa utilities Tuesday . <p> University of Iowa officials have spent a year advocating for such a partnership , but only publicly released the name of the two companies awarded the contract , Engie and Meridiam , an hour ahead of Tuesday 's vote . <p> Ahead of the vote , Iowa Gov . Kim Reynolds spoke in favor of the partnership deal . She called the contract a possible "" road map "" for similar ventures at a time when public universities are under financial strain to remain competitive . <p> "" The reason I am with you today is to say , ' good work , ' "" Reynolds said at the outset of the Iowa Board of Regents ' meeting Tuesday . "" This public-private partnership is the kind of innovative thinking we need not only in Iowa 's public universities but across state government . "" <p> The 50-year contract was awarded to the "" University of Iowa Collaborative . "" Companies Engie , which runs the utilities at Ohio State University , and Meridiam have equal equity in the collaborative . Both companies are based in France . <p> Under the agreement , Engie and Meridiam will pay the UI an upfront sum of $1.165 billion , which UI officials intend to invest and reap yearly allocations from . The UI will pay the collaborative an annual fee for Engie to operate the utility system . The fee will start at $35 million and increase by 1.5% annually in five years . <p> Engie runs the utilities at Ohio State , which UI officials have touted as a positive example of a university engaging in a public-private partnership for years . <p> UI has been advocating for a partnership for a year to run the campus ' utility , system , including the campus power plant . The university produces steam for heating and cooling and a quarter of the electricity used on campus . The UI purchases the remaining electricity from MidAmerican Energy . <p> The new agreement stipulates that all existing employees at the power plant are assured a job with the collaborative . These employees will not be required to re-interview for the position . The UI will continue to pay the salaries and wages of these employees . <p> UI President Bruce Harreld told the Board of Regents this December having the UI pay for staff , fuel , and capital improvements prevents a situation where the UI 's utility partner would profit from cutting employee wages or continuing to use coal . <h> A utilities contract during a climate crisis <p> In unveiling the partnership , UI officials stressed their new partners ' commitment to sustainability goals . <p> Harreld touted success Ohio State University has had in its initial years of a 50-year partnership with Engie . He said Meridiam has a documented focus on the UN Sustainable Development Goals for Communities . <p> "" Meridiam since its inception in 2005 has been a leader in sustainability investments , as evidenced by its bylaws , which commits Median to balance profits with positive impacts on our society , "" Harreld said . <p> In October , hundreds rallied with international climate activist Greta Thunberg in downtown Iowa City , near Harreld 's office . The group , led by high school students , urged the UI to stop burning coal by the end of the year , rather than by the UI 's current goal of 2025 . <p> Beyond coal , Harreld has told the Board of Regents the UI needs to focus on reducing natural gas use . <p> In their pitch to the UI , Engie officials emphasize the artificial intelligence software the company uses to strategically reduce energy use at the margin . <p> "" As Operator , ENGIE will use the platform to optimize the physical system and infrastructure operations , "" reads the collaborative 's request for proposal . "" Into the future , ENGIE plans to use this technology on the UI campus to innovate towards a fully optimized microgrid that positions the University as a leader in energy innovation and sustainability . "" <h> $1 billion endowment must generate $3 billion <p> UI officials declined to confirm the number of bids the UI received or the requests for proposals submitted by other companies . <p> But the UI has confirmed the UI Collaborative pitched the highest the lump sum . The collaborative 's $1.165 billion endowment payment beat out the next highest bidders by more than $50 million . According to a Board of Regents memo , companies Axium and Veolia pitched $950,000,000 ; Plenary , Sacyr and Kiewit pitched $882,800,000 ; Harrison Street , Ever-Green Energy and City Water pitched $881,700,000 . <p> UI officials will first use the lump sum provided by the collaborative to pay off $13 million in consulting fees and $153 million in existing utility bonds . <p> The remaining $999 million will be placed in an endowment . A newly formed nonprofit board will determine which investing firm will maintain the endowment . <p> Three people will sit on the board : UI 's senior vice president for finance and operations , a regent and a member of the UI Faculty Senate , will also determine how much funding from the investment to allocate to the UI annually . <p> Harreld said conservative estimates indicate that an endowment of this size can generate $3.03 billion over 50 years . This amount is enough to both pay the annual operations fee and to allocate around $15 million to the UI each year . <p> The $15 million will partially fund the university 's "" strategic plan , "" a checklist of programs and initiatives UI officials developed in hopes of improving , among other things , student retention and research . <p> In past regents meetings , Harreld has described the UI strategic plan as a way of compensating for the UI 's drops in national rankings and the state legislature 's "" generational disinvestment "" in higher education . <p> Regents at the meeting were largely complimentary of the plan , though the meeting was briefly interrupted by State Sen. Claire Celsi , who called the Iowa Board of Regents ' decision to vote on the partnership before the public had a chance to review the partnerships "" shameful . "" <p> "" This is a state of Iowa asset , not your monopoly board , "" said Celsi , who serves on the Senate Education Committee in Des Moines . <p> State Sen. Joe Bolkcom released a statement last week with similar concerns . The politician accused the Board of Regents of "" moving at breakneck speed "" to pass the partnership . <p> Mirroring Reynold 's remarks about "" changing times "" in higher education , Iowa Board of Regents President Mike Richards touted the partnership as a "" creative solution to funding changes . "" <p> Richards closed the discussion of the partnership by thanking officials who put together the plan and by thanking the governor for encouraging the university system to seek out new forms of revenue to supplement allocations from the state and revenue from increasing tuition . <p> "" While the two primary funding sources are a combination of state appropriations and tuition , "" Richard said . "" Changing times call for changing our approach . """
"<h> NVIDIA cuts its outlook by $100 million due to 2019 coronavirus <p> NVIDIA has published its earnings report for fiscal year 2020 , and in it the chipmaker has revealed how much it thinks the 2019 novel coronavirus disease ( COVID-19 ) would affect its business . The company has reduced its revenue outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2021 by $100 million to account for the disease 's impact . <p> NVIDIA opted out of attending MWC 2020 due to coronavirus-related safety concerns before the organization behind the event decided to cancel it altogether . That 's not the only tangible impact the virus has had on the industry , though . Apple had to close all its retail stores in mainland China out of an "" abundance of caution . "" And since a lot of tech companies have factories in the country , their production has also been affected . The outbreak resulted in production and shipment delays for the Nintendo Switch in Japan , and it delayed the reopening of Foxconn 's ( mostly known for being an Apple supplier ) factories after the extended Lunar New Year holiday . <p> As @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ revenue for fiscal year 2020 was $10.92 billion , down 7 percent from a year earlier . However , its revenue for the fourth quarter ending on January 26th , 2020 is $3.11 billion . That 's up 41 percent from $2.21 billion a year earlier , thanks to its technologies and products geared towards gaming and the world 's growing interest in artificial intelligence ."
"<h> SAVAGE - Smart Anti-Drone Weapon <p> ERIE , Colo. , Oct. 21 , 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- SmartRounds , Inc . "" SRI "" of Erie , Colorado announced today their newest non-lethalmunitionsfor dealing with small armed UAVs . These surface-to-air and air-to-air self-guided missiles are a revolutionary new class of smart "" fire and forget "" projectiles that willgive Military , Homeland Security , and Law Enforcement the ability to deal with threatening unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) or drones . SmartRounds . Inc. has been issued a US patent "" Non-Lethal Smart Weapons with Computer Vision "" for these munitions . <p> SAVAGE "" Smart Anti-Vehicle Aerial GuidedEngagement "" missiles are 40mm counter-UAV munitions that can be fired from our custom multi-tube ground launcher or another UAV at high velocity ( 350 mph ) and equipped with computer vision object detection and target tracking , a form of artificial intelligence AI . This solid fuel propelled , titanium nose cone equipped , long range guided missile impacts the enemy drone with enough kinetic energy to disable or destroy it . SAVAGE is equipped with a parachute to safely return to the ground for reuse . Since @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ object tracking , trajectory control , and high-speed pursuit is critical to a successful mission . <p> SRI 's proprietary computer vision algorithms along with an electro-optical sensor allows the missile to follow the target after it leaves the launcher by adjusting the missile 's aerodynamics and changing its direction . This ensures that the projectile will reach its target even if the UAV is moving at high speed . The on-board CPU/GPU microprocessor along with pre-programmed algorithms keep the UAV in its "" sights "" by means of MEMS activated fins . AI algorithms also give multiple SAVAGE missiles the ability to communicate with each other in flight to maximize their effectiveness in dealing with a "" swarm . "" <p> "" Terrorists are using small armed "" suicide "" drones to attack oil refineries and oil pipelines in the Middle East . Others have used drones to disrupt airports in the UK . Small armed unmanned aerial vehicles are becoming increasing threatening to the USA and other countries around the world . Our smart anti-drone SAVAGE munitions offer a safe and cost-effective means to neutralize these threats , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ produced in the USA and will be available 2nd quarter 2020 . Field tests are planned for this November . Contact Nick Verini at nick@smartrounds.comor 720-339-4972 . Also visit www.smartrounds.com for additional information on all our non-lethal products including TREMOR ( shock round ) and FLASH"
"<p> SAN FRANCISCO , May 22 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Castlight Health , Inc . ( NYSE : CSLT ) today announced the launch of Working WellTM , an end-to-end solution that helps employers of any size manage safe workforce re-entry in the rapidly shifting landscape of the COVID-19 pandemic . The solution securely tracks the health of the total population with symptom and exposure assessment , supports testing protocols , enables worksite contact tracing , and can be customized to an employer 's specific policies and return-to-work needs . It is designed to seamlessly evolve along with COVID-19 recovery strategies with the ability to configure new protocols , and leverages best practices gleaned across Castlight 's large employer customers across 25 industries . <p> Castlight understands that addressing this national challenge requires a deep understanding of local health department requirements and integrates guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control , local governments , and state and local public health departments . Since the onset of the coronavirus , Castlight has developed a comprehensive approach to track and share the latest guidance through tools like our COVID-19 State-by-State Reopening Directory , which collects and consolidates more than 15 critical data points for employers working to reopen , such as testing , PPE , and local-specific symptom monitoring requirements . The Working Well solution applies that dynamic intelligence so employers can ensure a hyper localized , compliant approach for their distributed teams . <p> Employees are guided through the relevant screening and testing protocols , as configured according to each organization 's policies . The Working Well solution integrates with Castlight 's partner ecosystem to support these testing protocols , while also providing direction to the nearest testing center using Castlight 's Test Site Finder . This tool offers the nation 's most comprehensive COVID-19 test site directory which has been integrated with Google Search and adopted by a growing list of partners , including most recently the New York State Department of Health . The Working Well solution leverages Castlight 's industry-leading navigation capabilities and partner ecosystem to direct workers to appropriate resources , whether virtual care , high touch services , or behavioral health solutions to help them combat stress or anxiety surrounding the pandemic . <p> "" In helping employers tackle the challenges presented by COVID-19 , Castlight is delivering a solution that addresses the local context of workforce re-entry , while supporting evidence based clinical protocols through our partner ecosystem . We fully expect this solution and these practices will expand and evolve as the country 's knowledge of the virus and available tools advance . Our Working Well solution brings together the best of current industry knowledge , measures and tactics . It combines technology and clinical insights to reduce risk and bring Americans safely back to work and restart economic activity , "" said Castlight CEO Maeve O'Meara . <p> Employers have fielded surveys that show employees now expect strict policies for maintaining a safe workplace . The Working Well solution provides employers a real-time dashboard of the current health of their workforce , and Castlight 's machine learning technology lets them forecast health trends and productivity impact . Protocols can be defined and applied to specific sub-populations , such as by location or job type . Additionally , employers can provide personalized guidance and messaging to their workforce based on reported symptoms , testing status , and likelihood of COVID-19 exposure . <p> The Working Well solution will be available in June to all employers and does not require a pre-existing Castlight contract . Designed to stay continuously up to date in a constantly shifting environment , it can be deployed rapidly and is easily configurable to enable specific guidelines , messaging and other testing protocols . For more information about how Castlight can help get your whole workplace safely up and running in a world living with COVID , please see this overview or contact Todd Fruchey : **28;1803;TOOLONG . <p> About Castlight HealthCastlight is on a mission to make it as easy as humanly possible for its users to navigate the healthcare system and live happier , healthier , more productive lives . Our health navigation platform connects hundreds of health vendors , benefits resources , and plan designs into one comprehensive health and wellbeing experience . We guide individuals -- based on their unique profile -- to the best resources available to them , whether they are healthy , chronically ill , or actively seeking medical care . Castlight transforms the employee benefit experience into a deeply personalized , yet simple , guided one , empowering better-informed patient decisions to unlock better healthcare outcomes and maximizing return on healthcare investments . <p> Castlight , Castlight Health , the Castlight logo and Working Well are trademarks or registered trademarks of Castlight Health , Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries . All rights reserved ."
"<h> One day , many ideas : Future of Mind 2016 illuminates NYC ( Part 1 ) <p> ( Phys.org ) -- The shape that human cognition may take over the coming next half-century has become increasingly difficult to foresee . Moreover , accelerating advances in science , mathematics , computing , and culture -- including Artificial General Intelligence , Machine Consciousness , Synthetic Creativity , Mind Uploading , Exocortical Cognition , and other ever-more exotic ideas -- have dramatically transformed the very conception of what we refer to as mind . <p> Following the Human Level AI Conference 2016 , and sponsored by Humanity+ and The New School , the one-day Future of Mind Symposium 2016 held at The New School in New York City -- moderated by Dr. Ben Goertzel ( Humanity+ ) and Prof. Ed Keller ( The New School ) -- delved into this brave new space through interactive dialogs between expert panelists and audience members . The conference began with introductory remarks from the moderators , during which Goertzel said "" One thing I 've gotten more and more respect for as I 've @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is how completely ignorant we are about the real nature of mind and of reality .... I 've become more and more convinced that as we build intelligent engineered systems , as we upgrade our brains with technology , as we become more and more networked together on the planet between human beings , synthetic biological systems , engineered computing and communication systems -- as all this advances we 're going to understand that mind and intelligence and the self-organization of matter go far beyond anything that our history gives us the capability to conceive . "" <p> In the first Morning Session panel , Cosmo Harrigan , Natasha Vita-More , Amy Li , and ( by videolink Peter Watts discussed The Future of the Individual : AGIs , Cyborgs , Uploads , and ... in which they addressed the "" epistemological horizons of the individual and collective mind , and rethinking the ethics and politics of mind beyond individual or gender . "" <p> Harrigan -- a cross-disciplinary internet entrepreneur and researcher in deep reinforcement learning -- reviewed what he described as "" a rich variety of methods @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ traditional symbolic systems based on logic and reasoning ; biologically-inspired systems ; and those that start with a mathematical formalism and work towards approximating a universal intelligence . <p> Founder of Dance4Healing and a partner for Stanford Cancer Supportive Care Program , Li is leading the trend of telehealth into physical rehabilitation space . Rooted in neuroscience , Dance4Healing is a social platform connecting dance teachers to patients , using artificial intelligence and behavior design to recommend personalized music and dance , dance buddies and patient groups based on real-time emotion and health data , alleviating mental and physical pain , and improving quality of life -- including a profoundly beneficial effect on cancer , dementia and other serious health problems . <p> Vita-More , Chair of Humanity+ , Program Champion of Graduate Studies at the University of Advancing Technology , and author in the areas of humanity 's future , emerging technologies , and radical life extension -- and whose breakthrough research demonstrated post-vitrification ( that is , after exiting a state in which living cells are cooled to cryogenic temperatures without using ice ) memory recovery in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ because , she noted , it defines "" the rules that govern us and sets the stage for our future . "" <p> Watts , a biologist and award-winning science fiction author -- whose novel Blindsight has become a core text in diverse undergraduate courses ranging from philosophy to neuropsych , and is said to have found its way into neuroscience laboratories -- presented an unsurprisingly iconoclastic neuroscience-based view of on consciousness focused on the brain 's self-organizing , self-directed learning capabilities . "" The brain is really good at reconfiguring itself .... It does n't really matter whether or not you crack the secret of consciousness , it does n't matter if you can precisely mimic the corpus callosum "" -- a 10 cm-long flat bundle of nerve fibers that connects the brain 's right and left hemispheres . "" To paraphrase Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park , our brains will find a way . Give them an interface , and chances are they 'll figure it out on their own . "" <p> During the panel discussion , a contested topic was whether or not an AGI @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ While Li 's view were that emotive AGIs were important since they would be able to better understand humans , Ben Goertzel opined that "" It 's not obvious that you want AGIs to have human-like emotions "" -- a position shared by Vita-More , who stressed that we would not benefit from an AGI that possessed human emotions like anger and jealousy . <h> Related Stories <p> ( TechXplore ) -- In its inception , the field of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) sought to create computers with general intelligence analogous to our own . This proved to be too challenging and elusive , thereby leading AI research ... <p> ( Tech Xplore ) -- In its inception , the field of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) sought to create computers with general intelligence analogous to our own . This proved to be too challenging and elusive , thereby leading AI research ... <p> New evidence from brain studies , including cognitive psychology and neurophysiology research , shows that the emotional assessment of every object , subject , action or event plays an important role in human mental @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence research is that sentient and intelligent machines are just on the horizon . Machines understand verbal commands , distinguish pictures , ... <p> A recent explosion of neuroscience techniques is driving substantial advances in our understanding of the brain . Combined with developments in engineering , machine learning and computing this flowering has helped us enhance ... <h> Recommended for you <p> ( Phys.org ) -- The shape that human cognition may take over the coming next half-century has become increasingly difficult to foresee . Moreover , accelerating advances in science , mathematics , computing , and culture -- including ... <p> Three hundred and ninety-five years after Pilgrims celebrated the first Thanksgiving in Plymouth , Massachusetts , researchers from UMass Boston 's Andrew Fiske Memorial Center for Archaeological Research can say they have definitively ... <p> Paleontologists at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History and Dickinson Museum Center ( North Dakota ) have just published new research describing the behavior of sauropod dinosaurs , the largest animals to ever walk the earth . ... <p> Since the discovery of the fossil @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ whether the 3 million-year-old human ancestor spent all of her time walking on the ground or instead combined walking with ... <h> 0 comments <p> Please sign in to add a comment . Registration is free , and takes less than a minute . Read more <p> Click here to reset your password . Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made ."
"<p> WASHINGTON , June 23 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Circumnavigating COVID-19 restrictions , nearly 100 colleagues recently joined an online celebration to honor DARPA Program Director , Professor Hava T. Siegelmann , on loan from the University of Massachusetts , College of Information and Computer Sciences ( CICS ) as she received the rarely awarded Meritorious Public Service Medal - one of the highest honors the Department of Defense agency can bestow on a private citizen . The award celebrates Siegelmann 's creation , research and management of L2M , currently the world 's most advanced and sophisticated AI initiative . <p> Dr. Siegelmann , an internationally recognized expert in neural networks , machine learning ( ML ) and artificial intelligence ( AI ) says , "" I was so touched by the agency 's recognition ; I just feel honored to be contributing . "" She adds , "" I credit UMass for supporting me to run a very advanced AI lab such that the government wanted to invite me . "" UMass , CICS Dean Laura Haas says of the honor , "" I am extremely proud of Hava 's service to DARPA and the nation . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ us all . "" <p> Siegelmann 's citation states , "" She created and managed some of DARPA 's largest and most advanced AI programs including L2M -- developing next-generation advanced AI systems capable of learning in real time and applying learning to environments and circumstances not specifically trained for . "" Her award also cites "" GARD , "" another major DARPA program she created to establish theoretical ML vulnerabilities , characterize properties to enhance system robustness and create effective defenses . "" As systems advance , the very advancements open new avenues by which they can be attacked , "" she said , "" GARD identifies often obscure , technically complex vulnerabilities and builds new-generation defenses for them . "" <p> DARPA points out Siegelmann 's "" exceptionally productive "" term included developing a system that intelligently administers insulin and dextrose to maintain safe glucose levels for diabetics and critical care patients ; sensors to identify dangerous chemicals from a safe distance ; collaborative , secure learning platforms that allow unaffiliated groups to work synergistically without revealing sensitive data ; and reverse engineering methods to identify cyber-attacks , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Illustrating the difference between current AI and new L2M systems , Siegelmann stated , "" Self-driving cars represent a pinnacle in state-of-the-art computation - demonstrating how far current technology can take us using increasingly clever programming . However , even these systems fail when encountering circumstances outside their training - as evidenced in the various , highly publicized self-driving auto crashes . "" L2M systems represent "" a fundamental change in ML , "" she said , "" L2M systems learn ; they apply experience and adapt to new situations ; instead of failing , they become better , the more they experience . "" <p> "" We made real progress , demonstrated actual learning -- something never done before ; and we set the foundation for the next generation of expert , autonomous systems , "" continued Siegelmann . "" L2M improvements are already being incorporated into real-world systems ; in five years , AI systems will be mainly of the L2M variety or incorporate L2M components . But it is very hard , "" she adds , "" for a machine to learn actively and there is still @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a wonderful , highly productive experience , "" said Siegelmann . "" I ca n't say enough about my DARPA colleagues and the truly bright and far-seeing researchers I worked with . "" Siegelmann 's goal now is to continue her research -- advancing AI learning ; but , equally important , she says , is "" to start teaching the next generation of computer scientists , giving them the new skills they 'll need , skills not yet taught in current AI programs , to create and advance the systems that will increasingly be part of our infrastructure . "" Siegelmann also acts as a consultant to tech companies ."
"<h> Adopting AI in Health Care Will Be Slow and Difficult <h> Executive Summary <p> Artificial intelligence , including machine learning , presents exciting opportunities to transform the health and life sciences spaces . It offers tantalizing prospects for swifter , more accurate clinical decision making and amplified R&amp;D capabilities . However , open issues around regulation and clinical relevance remain , causing both technology developers and potential investors to grapple with how to overcome today 's barriers to adoption , compliance , and implementation . This article explains the key obstacles and offers ways to overcome them . <p> AndreyPopov/Getty Images <p> Artificial intelligence , including machine learning , presents exciting opportunities to transform the health and life sciences spaces . It offers tantalizing prospects for swifter , more accurate clinical decision making and amplified R&amp;D capabilities . However , open issues around regulation and clinical relevance remain , causing both technology developers and potential investors to grapple with how to overcome today 's barriers to adoption , compliance , and implementation . <p> Here are key obstacles to consider and how to handle them : <p> Developing regulatory frameworks . Over the past few years , the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ taking incremental steps to update its regulatory framework to keep up with the rapidly advancing digital health market . In 2017 , the FDA released its Digital Health Innovation Action Plan to offer clarity about the agency 's role in advancing safe and effective digital health technologies , and addressing key provisions of the 21st Century Cures Act . <p> The FDA has also been enrolling select **28;1917;TOOLONG ( SaMD ) developers in its Digital Health Software Precertification ( Pre-Cert ) Pilot Program . The goal of the Pre-Cert pilot is to help the FDA determine the key metrics and performance indicators required for product precertification , while also identifying ways to make the approval process easier for developers and help advance health care innovation . <p> In a related statement from the FDA , Amy Abernethy , its principal deputy commissioner , explained that the agency plans to focus regulatory oversight on "" higher-risk software functions , "" such as those used for more serious or critical health circumstances . This also includes software that utilizes machine learning-based algorithms , where users might not readily understand the program 's @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ An example of CDS software that would fall under the FDA 's "" higher-risk "" oversight category would be one that identifies a patient at risk for a potentially serious medical condition -- such as a postoperative cardiovascular event -- but does not explain why the software made that identification . <p> Achieving FDA approval . To account for the shifting FDA oversight and approval processes , software developers must carefully think through how to best design and roll out their product so it 's well positioned for FDA approval , especially if the software falls under the agency 's "" higher risk "" category . <p> One factor that must be considered is the fact that AI-powered therapeutic or diagnostic tools , by nature , will continue to evolve . For example , it is reasonable to expect that a software product will be updated and change over time ( e.g. , security updates , adding new features or functionalities , updating an algorithm , etc . ) . But given the product has technically changed , its FDA approval status could be put at risk after each update @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to take a version-based approach to the FDA approval process might be in the developer 's best interest . In this approach , a new version of software is created each time the software 's internal ML algorithm(s) is trained by a new set of data , with each new version being subjected to independent FDA approval . <p> Although cumbersome , this approach sidesteps FDA concerns about approving software products that functionally change post-FDA approval . These strategic development considerations are crucial for solutions providers to consider . <p> Similarly , investors must also have a clear understanding of a company 's product development plans and intended approach for continual FDA approval as this can provide clear differentiation over other competitors in the same space . Clinicians will be hard pressed to adopt technologies that have n't been validated by the FDA , so investors need to be sure the companies they are considering supporting have a clear product development roadmap -- including an approach to FDA approvals as software products themselves and regulatory guidelines continue to develop . <p> AI is a black box . Besides current regulatory @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ adoption of AI applications in the clinical setting is their black-box nature and the resulting trust issues . <p> One challenge is tracking : If a negative outcome occurs , can an AI application 's decision-making process be tracked and assessed -- for example , can users identify the training data and/or machine learning ( ML ) paradigm that led to the AI application 's specific action ? . To put it more simply , can the root cause of the negative outcome be identified within the technology so that it can be prevented in the future ? <p> From reclassifying the training data to redesigning the ML algorithms that "" learn "" from the training data , the discovery process is complex -- and could even result in the application being removed from the marketplace . <p> Another concern raised about the black-box aspect of AI systems is that someone , either on purpose or by mistake , could feed incorrect data into the system , causing erroneous conclusions ( e.g. , misdiagnosis , incorrect treatment recommendations ) . Luckily , detection algorithms designed to identify doctored or incorrect @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> A bigger challenge posed by AI systems ' black box nature is that physicians are reluctant to trust ( due in part to malpractice-liability risk ) -- and therefore adopt -- something that they do n't fully understand . For example , there are a number of emerging AI imaging diagnostic companies with FDA-approved AI software tools that can assist clinicians in diagnosing and treating conditions such as strokes , diabetic retinopathy , intracranial hemorrhaging , and cancer . <p> However , clinical adoption of these AI tools has been slow . One reason is physician certification bodies such as the American College of Radiology ( ACR ) have only recently started releasing formalized use cases for how AI software tools can be reliably used . Patients are also likely to have trust issues with AI-powered technologies . While they may accept the reality that human errors can occur , they have very little tolerance of machine error . <p> While efforts to help open up the black box are underway , AI 's most useful role in the clinical setting during this early period of adoption may @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ them in the decision-making process . Most physicians may not trust a black box , but they will use it as a support system if they remain the final arbiter . <p> To gain physicians ' trust , AI-software developers will have to clearly demonstrate that when the solutions are integrated into the clinical decision-making process , they help the clinical team do a better job . The tools must also be simple and easy to use . Applying AI in lower-stakes tasks initially , such as billing and coding ( e.g. , diagnostics , AI-assisted treatments ) , should also help increase trust over time . <p> At the industry level , there needs to be a concerted effort to publish more formalized use cases that support AI 's benefits . Software developers and investors should be working with professional associations such as the ACR to publish more use cases and develop more frameworks to spur industry adoption and get more credibility . <p> Lower hurdles in life sciences . While AI 's application in the clinical care setting still faces many challenges , the barriers to adoption are @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , ML is an exceptional tool for matching patients to clinical trials and for drug discovery and identifying effective therapies . <p> But whether it 's in a life sciences capacity or the clinical care setting , the fact remains that many stakeholders stand to be impacted by AI 's proliferation in health care and life sciences . Obstacles certainly exist for AI 's wider adoption -- from regulatory uncertainties to the lack of trust to the dearth of validated use cases . But the opportunities the technology presents to change the standard of care , improve efficiencies , and help clinicians make more informed decisions is worth the effort to overcome them . <p> Roger Kuan is a partner at the law firm of McDermott Will &amp; Emery , where he focuses on intellectual property issues for clients in the health care and"
"<p> Internet regulators in China have now banned fake news and fake video content including deepfakes . <p> As reported by Reuters , the Cyberspace Administration of China said that any use of virtual reality or artificial intelligence would need to be clearly marked in a way that was visible to users ; breaching these rules could be considered a criminal offense . <p> The rules , which will come into effect on Jan. 1 , 2020 , have been put in place because of the threat fake news poses to "" endanger national security , disrupt social stability , disrupt social order and infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others , "" the Cyberspace Administration 's website states . It 's also possible that the Chinese government could make deepfake technology illegal outright , according to statements made earlier this year . <p> Such a move is somewhat ironic ; China is known for its deeply censorious government that takes stringent control over what its users see online . Recently , the Chinese government blocked access to all versions of Wikipedia without reason , although it is speculated that it related to the upcoming anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre on June 4 . With the Chinese government encouraging companies to be self-censorious , thousands of low-wage workers can be employed to police content . <p> In the United States , deepfakes have also raised concern among politicians . In October , Senators Marco Rubio and Mark Warner each sent letters to major social media platforms including Reddit , Snapchat , TikTok , Twitch , and LinkedIn about the dangers deepfakes could pose with regards to spreading misinformation to the public - something that has plagued elections in the US . <p> "" We believe it is vital that your organization have plans in place to address the attempted use of these technologies , "" the senators wrote . "" We also urge you to develop industry standards for sharing , removing , archiving , and confronting the sharing of synthetic content . "" <p> Currently , artificial intelligence can detect whether a piece of content is real or faked ; university researchers have developed artificially-intelligent algorithms that can register inconspicuous artifacts left behind by editing tools which can then be used to determine if a video has been tampered with . And should that prove not to be enough , there are always the mice . <h> About the Author <p> Adam Smith is the Contributing Editor for PCMag UK , and has written about technology for a number of publications including What Hi-Fi ? , Stuff , WhatCulture , and MacFormat , reviewing smartphones , speakers , projectors , and all manner of weird tech . Always online , occasionally cromulent , you can follow him on Twitter @adamndsmith . <h> Get Our Best Stories ! <p> This newsletter may contain advertising , deals , or affiliate links . Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time ."
"<p> Thank you for visiting nature.com . You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS . To obtain the best experience , we recommend you use a more up to date browser ( or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer ) . In the meantime , to ensure continued support , we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript . <h> Maya ruins named as ' missing ' capital of the White Dog kingdom <p> An expanse of ruined pyramids , palaces and plazas in southern Mexico has been identified as the ' lost ' capital of an influential Maya kingdom called White Dog . <p> Mayan inscriptions from AD 628 to AD 869 mention Sak Tz'i ' , or White Dog , a royal centre allied with some of the most powerful Maya kingdoms of the time . But the location of Sak Tz'i ' had long eluded scholars . Then , a man contacted archaeologists about what he 'd seen on his land on the outskirts of the town of Lacanj ? Tzeltal in Mexico . <p> Preliminary excavations by Charles Golden , who is based at Brandeis University in Waltham , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ballcourt and dozens of other structures , spread across roughly 25 hectares . That makes Lacanj ? Tzeltal , as Golden 's team calls the site , bigger and more densely built than other renowned Maya settlements such as Bonampak , also in southern Mexico . <p> The White Dog was long-lived : construction at Lacanj ? Tzeltal started no later than 450 BC , and a privately owned carving refers to a Sak Tz'i ' nobleman in AD 869 , decades after other royal courts in the region had collapsed . <p> An element that props up plants ' cell walls can turn soya protein into a strong and eco-friendly glue . <p> The adhesives commonly used to bond wood into plywood and particleboard come from petroleum . But the earliest wood glues were made from proteins , such as soya flour . To make a comeback , soya adhesives must be made strong enough to meet building standards . <p> Jianzhang Li and his colleagues at Beijing Forestry University brought in boron , an element that provides essential support in plants ' cell walls . The researchers stirred @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ borate salt and a dash of a large , branched molecule . The borate ions formed weak links with the hydrogen atoms on the branched molecules and those on soya protein 's long-chained molecules , linking them into a loose 3D mesh . <p> The authors used the soya-based adhesive to glue together sheets of veneer into plywood . When this plywood was pressed and heated , the borates ' weak bonds transformed into strong bonds , producing the same network structure found in plant cell walls . <p> The boron-containing adhesive was more than three times stronger than plain soya protein . <p> Runaway global warming driven by the release of methane from the Arctic seems less likely than some scientists have feared . <p> Methane and its components can be locked up for millennia in permafrost -- a frozen mixture of soil and ice -- and in deposits of crystal-like structures called methane hydrates . Methane released by modern organic materials contains a form of carbon that methane from ancient sources does not , allowing scientists to distinguish between the two types . <p> Michael Dyonisius at the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Antarctic ice cores to determine the origins of methane released during a warming period that ended the last ice age . The warming raised global temperature by roughly 4 ? C -- slightly more than the rise projected to occur by 2100 in most scenarios of human-induced climate change . <p> The team 's results suggest that methane emissions during that big thaw were dominated by emissions from wetlands , not by the release of ancient methane from melting permafrost and methane hydrates . The authors conclude that modern climate change is unlikely to trigger a massive release of ancient methane . <p> Machine learning can tell different types of knot apart just by ' looking ' at them . <p> For decades , mathematicians have had algorithms that calculate whether any two knots are of the same type -- that is , whether the knots can be converted into each other without cutting the string . But these algorithms are slow : the number of steps they require grows exponentially with the complexity of the knots . <p> Liang Dai at the City University of Hong Kong , China @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ simplest knots and fed those models into neural networks , which are computing systems modelled after the brain 's networks of neurons . After training on hundreds of thousands of such models , the networks had learnt to classify knots with 99% accuracy or better . <p> The technique is extremely fast , but it provides guesses with a high probability of correctness rather than certain answers . Moreover , it is unclear how it will perform as the knots grow in complexity . Still , the results show that machine learning could guide the study of knots , the authors say . <p> Broccoli -- the poster child for vegetable hatred -- has been rehabilitated recently thanks to its link to cancer prevention . Now researchers have revealed how a common gut microbe helps the body to take advantage of the health benefits of this and related foods . <p> Broccoli , cabbage , cauliflower and other vegetables in the Brassica genus owe their distinctive flavour to chemicals known as glucosinolates . During digestion , gut bacteria transform glucosinolates into compounds called isothiocyanates , which have protective effects against @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ California and her colleagues pinpointed a set of genes that gives the gut microbe Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron the ability to turn glucosinolates into isothiocyanates . Mice colonized with B. thetaiotaomicron bacteria that lacked a complete set of these genes had lower levels of isothiocyanates in their digestive tract than did mice colonized with typical B. thetaiotaomicron . And when the researchers introduced the genes into bacteria that do not normally help to digest glucosinolates , the microbes began producing isothiocyanates . <p> Knowledge of this microbial mechanism could help efforts to engineer microbes to prevent and treat human disease , the authors say . <p> Archaeologists digging in the English countryside have discovered the first known Black Death mass grave in rural England -- a sign of a community overwhelmed by the dead . <p> While excavating the grounds of Thornton Abbey in Lincolnshire , UK , Hugh Willmott at the University of Sheffield , UK , and his colleagues found a large collective burial site holding the remains of at least 48 people . Although epidemic-related mass graves had previously been documented in London , this was the first uncovered @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ fourteenth century , a time period encompassing one of England 's major outbreaks of bubonic plague , also known as the Black Death . Analysis of DNA from the skeletons confirmed the presence of Yersinia pestis , the bacterium that causes plague . Christian burial rites were highly prized in medieval England , so the presence of a mass grave suggests the desperation of those spared by the epidemic . <p> Further genetic testing of the Y. pestis pathogen from the skeletons , the researchers say , could help to reconstruct the spread of the Black Death across the country . <p> For the first time , scientists have deciphered the ultrasonic squeaks that mice make during social behaviours such as chasing and fighting . <p> Mice emit a variety of sounds to communicate with others . But scientists have struggled to interpret these ultrasonic squeaks -- imperceptible to the human ear -- in part because of technical challenges in linking the sounds made by one mouse to the behaviour of another . <p> A team led by Joshua Neunuebel at the University of Delaware in Newark used machine-learning software @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ more than 32,000 examples of various behaviours among mixed groups of male and female mice in a specialized recording chamber . Male mice tended to make distinct sounds depending on whether they were fighting , fleeing , chasing females or engaged in some other activity . <p> In many cases , a male 's squeaks were directed at another mouse . During chases , for instance , a dominant squeak from the chaser caused the mouse being chased -- but not other mice in the chamber -- to slow its pace . <p> For the first time , physicists have clearly observed a rare and complex motion of atomic nuclei called longitudinal wobbling . <p> An atomic nucleus is composed of protons and neutrons , collectively called nucleons . In an excited state , some nuclei with an odd number of nucleons exhibit a complex wobble -- like that of a spinning top -- because of their imbalanced geometry . Previous observations detected wobbling around only either the longest or shortest axis of nuclei having fewer than 170 nucleons . <p> Nirupama Sensharma at the University of Notre Dame in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ions to produce the form , or isotope , of gold called gold-187 . Analysis of gamma rays that the nuclei produced as they decayed indicated that the nuclei were wobbling . This makes 187Au the heaviest known wobbling isotope . <p> The team detected the 187Au nucleus wobbling about an axis that was neither its longest nor its shortest , but was of an intermediate length -- the first clear observation of such behaviour . <p> To study the body 's inner workings , scientists generally chop up organs and construct 3D images from several thin slices of tissue -- a time-consuming and error-prone process . Now , researchers have developed a way to peer inside intact human organs in microscopic detail . <p> Ali Ert ? rk at the Munich Helmholtz Centre in Germany and his colleagues soaked organs in chemicals that preserve the structure of tissues while stripping them of fats and pigments that normally block the passage of light . The process makes tissues permeable to dyes and molecules that label specific structures , such as neurons and blood vessels . <p> To take 3D images @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ technique that helped them to image thin slices of tissue without having to cut into it . Then , the team developed machine-learning algorithms to rapidly analyse millions of individual cells in the images . <p> Using this approach , the researchers took detailed snapshots of an intact human eye , thyroid and kidney . The method could help to reveal human organ functions in health and disease , the researchers say . <p> In a one-of-a-kind race , DNA motors have achieved some of the fastest speeds and longest distances ever travelled by nanometre-scale machines . <p> The track : a standard glass slide covered with RNA . For the motors , Yonggang Ke , Khalid Salaita and their colleagues at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , folded a very long strand of DNA back on itself 16 times to create a 3D beam . The researchers attached 36 ' legs ' -- short RNA strands that could bind the RNA on the track -- to each of the beam 's 4 long faces . <p> After the DNA devices were placed on the track , the legs @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ To start the race , the researchers added an enzyme that breaks apart double-stranded RNA molecules . When the enzyme detached the legs from the track , each beam tipped forward onto its next face , thus rolling in a straight line from its starting point . <p> In a 99-vehicle race , some of the DNA motors sped down the track at more than 100 nanometres per minute , compared with only 10 nanometres per minute for previously developed DNA machines . <p> The now-extinct Neoepiblema acreensis ( artist 's impression ) is one of the largest rodents ever to have lived in South America , but its brain was minuscule for its size . Credit : J. D. Ferreira et al. /Biol . Lett . ( CC BY 4.0 ) <p> Behold Neoepiblema acreensis , an 80-kilogram rodent related to chinchillas that lived 10 million years ago in what is now Brazil . Jos ? Ferreira and Leonardo Kerber at the Federal University of Santa Maria in Brazil and their colleagues were curious about the brains of these beasts , so they used computerized tomography to peer inside @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ creatures of varying weights , scientists can calculate a species ' ' encephalization quotient ' , a measurement of the difference between the expected brain size and actual brain size for an animal of a certain weight . Any value under 1 means an animal 's brain is smaller than expected . <p> The team estimates that the brain of N. acreensis weighed just 47 grams . The encephalization quotient of one individual studied was 0.20 ; that of the other individual was 0.33 . In other words , N. acreensis ' brain was unusually puny in comparison to its body . By contrast , modern South American rodents have an average encephalization quotient above 1.05 . <p> The researchers suggest that because N. acreensis had few predators to outwit , a large brain simply was n't worth the maintenance costs . <p> The world wastes twice as much food as previously estimated -- and rich countries are disproportionately responsible <p> Markets allow harvested vegetables to rot ; families throw out leftovers . These and other forms of loss and waste claim one-third of the world 's food supply , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Agricultural Organization ( FAO ) . <p> Monika van den Bos Verma of Wageningen University and Research in The Hague , the Netherlands , and her colleagues wanted to explore how consumer affluence affects food waste . The researchers drew on 2003 data collected by the World Health Organization , the FAO and others to estimate calories purchased , calories consumed and calories wasted by people around the globe . <p> Belgium had the most food waste , and the Philippines had the least . ( The study covered two-thirds of the world 's population , and did not include large food-wasting countries such as the United States . ) As household spending rose above roughly US$6.70 per day per person , the amount of food waste also rose quickly , but then slowed . <p> Globally , people waste 527 calories per person per day -- more than twice as much food as scientists had thought . <p> Despite their lashing winds and rains , strong typhoons in the western Pacific Ocean also help to cause the dry season in Southeast Asia . <p> Typhoons regularly unleash punishing rains @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ sea that lies between the Indian and Pacific oceans and that includes the Philippines and Indonesia . Using more than 35 years of historical weather data , Enrico Scoccimarro at the Euro-Mediterranean Centre on Climate Change in Bologna , Italy , and his colleagues compared monthly measures of the strength of typhoons in the tropical western Pacific with precipitation over the Maritime Continent and the nearby ocean . <p> Compared with weak typhoons , stronger storms brought heavier precipitation over the ocean , but were associated with drier months in the Maritime Continent . This relationship held even after the team controlled for large-scale climate phenomena , such as El Ni ? o . <p> The researchers ' computer simulations suggest that typhoons and dryness are linked because the storms carry atmospheric water vapour eastward , away from the landmasses . Improving typhoon forecasts , the authors say , could help to better predict the onset of Southeast Asia 's dry season . <p> Preliminary results from one of the earliest clinical trials of CRISPR -- Cas9 provide evidence that the technique is safe and feasible to use for treating @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ enhanced abilities to seek and attack tumours have shown promise in treating some cancers . But researchers would like to improve methods to bolster immune cells ' cancer-fighting powers . One option is the use of CRISPR -- Cas9 , a method for making targeted changes to the genome . <p> Edward Stadtmauer and Carl June at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and their colleagues collected immune cells called T cells from three people with cancer . Using a conventional genetic-engineering method , the team gave the T cells the ability to recognize a protein produced by some cancer cells . The researchers also used CRISPR -- Cas9 to block the T cells ' production of three proteins that might inhibit the cells ' ability to target tumours . <p> After being reintroduced into the trial participants ' bodies , the T cells thrived for at least 9 months without causing any significant side effects . However , cancer in all three participants has since continued to progress . <p> Whether they 're early birds or not , teenagers could get healthy amounts of sleep and improve their academic @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a study of Argentinian adolescents . <p> Around the world , secondary school tends to start very early in the morning . But the biological clock ticking away inside many adolescent brains does n't align with school schedules , resulting in sleep loss and other problems . <p> Mar ? a Juliana Leone at the National Council of Scientific and Technical Research in Buenos Aires and her colleagues collected sleep data from teenagers at a local secondary school at which students were randomly assigned to start classes at 7:45 a.m. , 12:40 p.m. or 5:20 p.m . The researchers placed students on a continuum from early-rising ' larks ' to later-rising ' owls ' , according to their preferred waking time . <p> Analysis of students who started school in the morning showed that , compared with larks , owls had overall lower grades that worsened as they advanced through school . Almost no students on the morning schedule got adequate sleep , leading researchers to suggest that a progressive delay of school start times throughout adolescence could benefit all . <p> Workers handle oranges in Axtla de Terrazas , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have a higher carbon footprint than oranges from more distant groves . Credit : Mauricio Palos/Bloomberg/Getty <p> An analysis of oranges transported to market in four US cities shows that fruit imported from farms thousands of kilometres away can have a smaller carbon footprint than fruit that travels much shorter distances . <p> Eric Bell and Arpad Horvath at the University of California , Berkeley , looked at the ' cradle-to-market ' greenhouse-gas emissions of oranges that travelled from agricultural regions , including those in California , Florida , Mexico and Chile , to four destinations : New York City ; Los Angeles , California ; Chicago , Illinois ; and Atlanta , Georgia . The authors found that how an orange travels to market can be a bigger factor in the size of its carbon footprint than the distance it covers . <p> That 's because oranges freighted from afar are often transported by container ships and trains , which can carry much larger quantities than trucks and use much less fuel per kilo of oranges . For example , oranges that travel from Mexico to New York by @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that of oranges that travel from Chile to New York by container ship , even though the distance from Chile is more than twice that from Mexico . <p> An ion trap uses electric fields to hold a charged particle in place . Scientists used a similar device to immobilize a ytterbium ion before chilling it . Credit : Andrew Brookes , National Physics Laboratory/SPL <p> Researchers have cooled an ion in an ultra-cold gas until it moved so slowly that it exhibited quantum behaviour . <p> For decades , physicists have blasted materials with lasers to cool them to temperatures of just a fraction of a kelvin . Scientists have applied this technique to individual ions , which carry a charge , and to low-density gases consisting of uncharged atoms ; both targets respond to chilling in ways predicted by the laws of quantum physics , which govern the Universe at very small scales . <p> To study how ultracold atoms and ions interact under quantum conditions , Rene Gerritsma at the University of Amsterdam and his colleagues used electric fields to trap a single ytterbium ion . They @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ lithium atoms that a laser had pre-cooled to just a few millionths of a kelvin . This cooled the ion to less than one ten-thousandth of a kelvin -- slowing its thermal motion to a crawl . <p> Observations of the ion colliding with surrounding atoms revealed quantum effects , a first for an ion inside a cloud of neutral atoms . <p> The mammals that are most likely to pass diseases to humans are those that easily share their bacteria and viruses across species boundaries . <p> Disease-causing microbes that have jumped from animals to humans include Ebola virus and the coronavirus behind the 2020 epidemic in China . Maya Wardeh at the University of Liverpool , UK , and her colleagues collected information on 1,560 mammalian species , including their geographical ranges , their interactions with humans and their pathogens . Using machine-learning software , the researchers organized the animals into a network that revealed how the species share 3,986 pathogens with one another . <p> Mammals that share pathogens with many other species are more likely to serve as reservoirs for human diseases , the researchers found @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of potential human pathogens are chimpanzees ( Pan troglodytes ) , rhesus macaques ( Macaca mulatta ) and red foxes ( Vulpes vulpes ) . <p> The researchers say that the findings could help to identify how bacteria , viruses and other infectious agents jump to humans . <p> To study how coaching parents in parentese affected their children 's language learning , Naja Ferjan Ram ? rez , Sarah Roseberry Lytle and Patricia Kuhl at the University of Washington in Seattle asked the families of 71 US infants to record themselves interacting with their babies at 6 , 10 , 14 and 18 months of age . The researchers assigned 48 families to coaching sessions that included tips for language-learning activities . <p> Over a year , coached parents increased their use of parentese by 21% , whereas parents who were n't coached increased it by 12% . At 18 months , children of coached parents produced an average of about 2,200 vocalizations in 12 hours , nearly 40% more than infants whose families did n't receive coaching . <p> Despite centuries of colonization and agriculture , Cuba 's @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ farming on the island date back to the late fifteenth century . To measure water quality in Cuba 's rivers today , Paul Bierman at the University of Vermont in Burlington , Rita Hern ? ndez at the Cienfuegos Center for Environmental Studies in Cuba and their colleagues sampled water in 25 river basins in central Cuba . This is the first time in more than 60 years that scientists from Cuba and the United States have joined forces to study the island 's hydrology . <p> More than 80% of the samples had levels of Escherichiacoli bacteria that exceeded international standards for recreational use . The bacteria are indicators of faecal contamination , and probably came from the cattle that graze on many riverbanks . <p> Despite the island 's history of large-scale agriculture , the rivers studied had much lower levels of dissolved nitrogen -- an indicator of fertilizer use -- than did the Mississippi River Basin in the United States . The researchers speculate that this is due to Cuba 's transition to smaller-scale , more sustainable farming practices since the 1990s . <p> Decades-old analogue tapes @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Helens in the months leading up to its cataclysmic eruption in 1980 . <p> The eruption of the volcano in southwestern Washington State was the deadliest in modern US history . In the months before the eruption , a handful of seismic stations monitored the shaking of the ground around the volcano , but the stations saved data only sporadically . <p> Analogue tapes of seismic recordings languished in storage for years until 2005 , when Stephen Malone at the University of Washington in Seattle retrieved the tapes and began the slow process of recovering the data stored on them . Malone hunted for old equipment on which to play the tapes , and baked some of them to stabilize their protective coating . In the end , he recovered a near-continuous record of quakes for the two-month period that shows how magma was moving in the ground beneath the volcano . <p> The new data hold no hints that a big eruption was on the way . But scientists could use them to better understand how the ground rumbles around and beneath an active volcano ."
"<h> University of Utah , Weber State to offer just digital courses for summer terms <h> By Marjorie Cortez , KSL Posted - Mar. 30 , 2020 at 4:05 p.m . <p> OGDEN -- With Utah colleges and universities already using distance learning for the remainder of the spring term , the University of Utah and Weber State University are planning summer term , when both will continue to offer classes digitally only . <p> "" Due to the evolving COVID-19 situation , ALL summer courses this year will be shifting online . This includes first and second session , semester-long summer courses , and continuing education courses , "" according to a tweet from the U. <p> Weber State University will offer summer classes in two formats : traditional online classes as well as courses where classes will meet at specific times using videoconferencing tools . <p> Vice President of Student Affairs Brett Perozzi said both approaches allow for deep learning , although each has strengths and drawbacks . <p> "" I encourage students to reach out to their faculty if they have questions or concerns about these formats . This is an unprecedented time , but I @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ our students and faculty have shown through it all , "" Perozzi said . <p> In response to social distance recommendations due to the COVID-19 pandemic , Weber State faculty have spent the last two weeks transitioning its face-to-face campus to an online-learning institution . <p> RC Callahan , director of WSU Online , said the university was prepared to offer online services to every faculty member prior to the outbreak of novel coronavirus . <h> Related : <p> Gov . Gary Herbert is recommending Utahns limit public gatherings to 100 people to slow the spread of the coronavirus , and colleges are making dramatic changes to follow this guidance . <p> "" Each semester , we provide a space in our online instruction tool called Canvas , so faculty members can create an online course if they choose to do so . This emergency certainly helped us test our capacity to fully use the tools we already had in place , "" Callahan said . <p> While classes were suspended from March 13-17 , an information session was offered to faculty members , first in person , and then @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ help to move their instruction online . The discussions included Canvas navigation , using Google Meet and how to create and upload video lectures . <p> In addition , a team of faculty coaches was formed to provide another layer of support and instruction . <p> "" A pandemic is nothing to be celebrated , but if I 'm truthful , I 'm thrilled that our amazing faculty are exploring innovative ways to teach online , "" Callahan said . <p> English instructor Becky Marchant said the move online was made easier because of the tools WSU Online had provided prior to the pandemic that shuttered campuses . <p> A pandemic is nothing to be celebrated , but if I 'm truthful , I 'm thrilled that our amazing faculty are exploring innovative ways to teach online . <h> -- RC Callahan , director of WSU Online <p> "" During the current health crisis , WSU Online has been called on to provide unprecedented levels of help and has truly come through for the WSU community , "" Marchant said in a press release . <p> Communication professor Colleen Packer @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ for help from the WSU Online team the minute she learned about classes moving online . <p> "" I hated to call because I knew they were swamped . But they worked all weekend . Mike Mitchell , an instructional designer , sat with me in the Do It Yourself Lab on Saturday and taught me how to do a narrated PowerPoint . There 's no way this would have happened if he had n't been able to work with me , "" Packer said in a statement ."
"<h> Forget Intel , IBM Is a Better Dividend Stock <p> Leo is a tech and consumer goods specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012 . His wheelhouse includes cloud , IoT , analytics , telecom , and gaming related businesses . Follow him on Twitter for more updates ! <p> Intel(NASDAQ:INTC) has been a much stronger investment than IBM(NYSE:IBM) over the past decade . Intel 's stock rallied roughly 180% , buoyed by steady sales of its CPUs for PCs and data centers . At the same time , IBM 's stock dipped nearly 10% , as the company struggled to offset the slowdown of its legacy businesses with its higher-growth cloud-based businesses . <p> Intel might still seem like the stronger overall investment , while IBM 's forward dividend yield of 5.5% -- which is much higher than Intel 's 2.2% yield -- might resemble a high-yield trap . Yet past performance never guarantees future gains , and a fresh look at both tech giants reveals that IBM might actually be a better dividend stock . <p> Image source : Getty Images . <h> Have the tables finally turned ? @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" chipmaker , since it usually produces the world 's fastest x86 CPUs for PCs and servers . <p> However , the past few years have been rough . Four years ago , Intel abandoned its two-year "" tick-tock "" cycle , which produced smaller chips with each "" tick "" and upgraded the processors at the same node with each "" tock , "" due to the challenges of producing ever-smaller chips . <p> By 2018 , a difficult ramp from 14nm to 10nm chips resulted in a CPU shortage that frustrated its customers and left it exposed to its rival AMD(NASDAQ:AMD) -- which launched new CPUs offering comparable performance as Intel 's chips at much lower prices . Intel still has n't resolved that chip shortage yet , and the promotion of CFO Bob Swan as its new CEO in 2018 ( after Brian Krzanich 's abrupt exit ) did n't inspire much confidence in the chipmaker 's management . <p> Image source : Getty Images . <p> Meanwhile , IBM made two bold decisions over the past year . First , it acquired open source software giant @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Arvind Krishna , its cloud and cognitive software chief , as its new CEO . <p> Krishna claims IBM will undergo "" two transformational journeys "" in the cloud and artificial intelligence ( AI ) markets under his watch , and its development of new services with Red Hat would help win the "" architectural battle "" for the hybrid cloud market . Krishna also plans to focus on "" better aligning "" IBM 's portfolio to those markets with investments , acquisitions , and divestments of noncore businesses . If Krishna achieves those goals , IBM could finally generate fresh revenue growth again with a streamlined business . <p> Intel 's stock faces tough near-term headwinds , but IBM could attract more bulls if Krishna gradually slims down the company , focuses on higher-growth markets , and leans on Red Hat to boost its revenues . <h> But what about the dividends ? <p> In addition to paying a higher dividend yield than Intel , IBM is also a Dividend Aristocrat -- a member of the S&amp;P 500 that has raised its dividend annually for at least 25 straight @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ while Intel has raised its dividend annually only since 2015 . <p> Over the past 12 months , IBM spent just 50% of its free cash flow ( FCF ) on its dividend . Intel spent 31% of its FCF on its dividend during the same period . Both companies clearly have plenty of room to raise their dividends , but IBM 's longer streak of dividend hikes makes it a more reliable dividend growth stock . <p> Intel generated higher FCF than IBM over the past decade , but that growth could stall as Intel ramps up its spending to address its chip shortage , fend off AMD in the x86 CPU market , and counter ARM-based chipmakers in both PCs and servers . Meanwhile , IBM 's FCF growth should stabilize as it absorbs Red Hat , sells off its weaker businesses , and expands its higher-growth cloud-based businesses . <h> The road ahead <p> Intel trades at 13 times forward earnings , while IBM has a slightly lower forward P/E of 11 . Those low multiples indicate investors are n't willing to pay significant premiums for either @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ improve more quickly for IBM , which could gain ground if it streamlines its business amid waning macro headwinds . Intel , on the other hand , could continue struggling with execution issues . <p> Intel 's not a bad long-term investment -- but the next decade could finally be IBM 's turn to shine . If that happens , IBM would not only be the better dividend stock with a higher yield and longer streak of annual hikes , but it would also become the better all-around tech stock for long-term investors ."
"<h> Five Trends On Enterprise Adoption Of GPU Acceleration <p> Every day there are reports of the latest advances in deep learning ( DL ) from researchers , data scientists , and developers around the world . Less well known is the momentum behind enterprise adoption of GPU acceleration to advance AI . From exponential growth in ecosystem support to robust solutions development , many companies are turning to NVIDIA GPUs to accelerate their journey toward AI . <p> Over the last few years , the list of GPU-accelerated ecosystem partners has grown exponentially . There are now more than 3,200 startups in NVIDIA ? ? ? s Inception startup incubation program , nearly double from 2017 . <p> The numbers are huge , but the real story is the strength of support from the ecosystem . To name just a few : <p> Anaconda , a GPU-accelerated python data science platform , now has 6 million developers and recently announced the focus on GPUs and container usage . <p> FastData , the first GPU-accelerated streaming solution , secured $5 million to accelerate the adoption of its high performance computing software . <p> SQream , a GPU-accelerated analytical solution @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to access and analyze large-scale data stores . <p> PayPal , mentioned above , not only uses GPU-accelerated machine learning to solve its problems , but also uses DL methodologies to determine which fraud-detection models to implement . <p> Datalogue , a GPU-enabled DL data preparation solution , took note that data scientists often spend more than 80% of their time preparing data . Their platform speeds up every step of the extract , transform , and load process . This helps data scientists to ingest any data store and data type , use fast GPU-accelerated neural networks to intelligently classify the data , and join and output in any format required by anyone in the organization . <p> With GPU-accelerated deep learning , companies are no longer constrained by only using less than 5% of the data they collect . Data scientists can spend less than 5% of their time preparing data and 95% doing science . <p> Innovative technologies are shifting from research mode to full deployment faster than ever . <p> Generative adversarial networks ( GANs ) , a neural network technology , is a perfect example @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ idea for GANs , we ? ? ? ve seen many use cases adopting GANs to help synthesize data for deep learning training when the dataset is scarce . <p> GANs can be used to generate photorealistic and high-resolution images to create complex games with more characters and storylines . They can be used to create realistic celebrity faces , with potential applications in the entertainment industry . Stanford students are using GANs to generate images and compare with real-time data , so robots can find the right path to walk on . <p> Companies are also picking up the trends and incorporating the best practices to solve their own problems : <p> Glidewell Laboratories , a dental product maker , creates customized dental caps , using GANs , to ensure that crowns can fit between adjacent and opposing teeth , and function for biting and chewing . <p> Vue.ai , a Silicon Valley fashion company , turns to GANs to generate garments and train the network to observe what clothing looks like on models to save costs on hiring expensive models for high-quality photo shoots . <p> Many of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ GPUs early on and invested in the infrastructure needed to deploy AI solutions . Companies that embrace deep learning soon find themselves thinking about scaling with strong compute , fast network , and efficient storage . <p> For many , designing , deploying , and supporting an AI infrastructure is a long , complex effort . They may not have the design know-how , systems integration expertise , or operational environment required to manage AI workloads at scale . <p> Deploying world-class AI infrastructure doesn ? ? ? t have to be so hard . NVIDIA has created replicable approaches and solutions by partnering with Pure Storage , NetApp , and more companies . Our portfolio of DGX-1 reference architectures offers proven solutions that unleash AI at scale in the enterprise . <p> To learn more , join us at the Strata Data Conference to get a deep dive on deep learning use cases , analytics workloads , and AI infrastructure readiness . <p> Renee Yao is a senior product marketing manager at NVIDIA , focusing on deep learning and analytics solutions on DGX Systems , the essential instruments for @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . She holds a B.S. from the Haas School of Business at the University of Calif ..."
"<h> The quality of life in the future is in our hands <p> There can be no doubt that science and technology will continue to profoundly impact the way we live , and even to impact some of the physical properties of our planet . <p> We have seen how vast computer networks and social media influence our communications and interactions , how automation , driven by artificial intelligence , changes the composition of our workforce and the way we engage in transactions , and how our deeper understanding of the human body complements the quality of medicine . <p> All of this is thrilling . We clearly are at a stage in our understanding of our physical world where great advances in science and technology are to be expected at an ever-increasing rate . <p> That these advances will provide an opportunity to improve our quality of life is undeniable . Diseases that were once deadly will be cured . Chronic ailments that decrease our quality of life will be controlled . <p> But as has been the case throughout the history of mankind , the advances in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . Examples of these consequences are the ozone depletion in the atmosphere caused by gases leaking from our refrigerators . <p> The increase in the world 's population , driven by reduced mortality rates , is putting a burden on global food production , and in turn , adequate nutrition . The gases we emit and the physical alterations we 've made to the surface of our planet to meet our energy needs have changed the physical and chemical characteristics of the Earth with consequences to biodiversity , food and water safety and security . <p> The quality of life in the future is clearly in our hands . There is no doubt that great changes are coming our way . These changes will be driven by our understanding of our universe and will amaze us all . This is why it is more important than ever to accurately explain the facts that drive our understanding of our world . <p> We at the University of Arizona College of Science recognize our responsibility to explain the facts that drive science , and this special section is only one way @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Lecture Series , now in its 12th year , is another . <p> I hope to see many of you at UA Centennial Hall Mondays at 7 p.m. to hear our star scientists describe the latest discoveries in physics . You will be in awe , as I am , of what we humans do to understand the world we live in . <p> Photos included in the Art of Science center spread in the University of Arizona 's 2017 section on science and research at the university in t ... <h> About the dean <p> Joaquin Ruiz is vice president of innovation and strategy ; executive dean , Colleges of Letters , Arts and Science ; dean , College of Science ; and professor of Geosciences . <p> One of the largest colleges at the UA , the College of Science has more than 7,500 undergraduate and graduate students . Its 21 academic departments and schools encompass the range of physical , mathematical , environmental , cognitive and life sciences . <p> Ruiz was honored in 2010 by Mexico 's president as an outstanding Mexican researcher , one @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> He is also a member of the Mexican Academy of Sciences . Ruiz was president of the Geological Society of America for 2010-11 . Ruiz joined the geosciences department in 1983 , was named department head in 1995 , dean of the College of Science in 2000 , executive dean in 2008 and vice president of innovation and strategy in 2013 . <p> Ruiz 's lab discovered in 2002 that more than 40 percent of the world 's gold is 3 billion years old . <h> Stay informed <p> Go to cos.arizona.edu to subscribe to the UA Science biweekly e-newsletter . Sign up on the bottom left-hand side of the page ."
"<p> Although a seemingly minor reporting adjustment , the change reflects a broader concern that demand for smartphones is falling , sending shock waves through the global semiconductor sector and other parts of the iPhone supply chain . <p> That , combined with other problems from falling cryptocurrency values to global trade wars , has prompted questions over whether the once high-flying semiconductor industry is facing a long-term , structural slump . <p> "" In the last couple of years , semiconductors along with ... other tech stocks have done really well , "" says Michael Arone , U.S.-based chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors . "" They have had high growth rates and they have been beneficiaries of mobile phones , tablets and gaming . "" <p> He adds : "" People are concerned the revenue growth wo n't live up to expectations ... If folks are not upgrading their devices at the same rate -- whether phones or tablets or gaming -- if the rate of replacement is slower , it is going to be an important signal that the economy is slowing . "" <p> Semis continue to play an ever-increasing role in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Retzler , portfolio manager , Needham Funds <p> The sector was dealt a huge blow on Monday when Chinese authorities claimed to have uncovered "" massive evidence "" of antitrust violations by three of the world 's top memory-chip manufacturers . <p> Fears of slowing global economic growth , mounting trade tension between the U.S. and China , a bear market in Chinese equities and the slump in cryptocurrency prices are also driving investors to cut risk , leading them to trim exposure to technology and semiconductor stocks that are more sensitive to the economy . <p> In the past few weeks , shares in some of the world 's biggest semiconductor companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor , Samsung Electronics and Advanced Micro Devices in the U.S. have dropped , as nervous investors chop their holdings . <p> Those falls came after several companies in the sector issued weak third-quarter earnings , pointing to an oversupply of memory chips and waning demand for products that use them . <p> Samsung Electronics , one of the largest technology groups in Asia , warned at the end of October of a decline @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ rapid capacity expansion . The alarm bell was sounded even as the electronics group , which derives 80 percent of its profits from memory chips , posted a record quarter for earnings . <p> Even the slump in the price of cryptocurrencies , with bitcoin falling from a high above $19,000 last year to below $6,000 , is having a detrimental impact . TSMC , one of the largest technology companies in Asia , said in its third-quarter earnings that "" continued weakness in cryptocurrency mining demand "" would offset some of its growth in the fourth quarter . <p> On Thursday , shares in U.S. group Nvidia , which makes gaming chips , fell as much as 17 percent after the company missed revenue expectations , which it blamed on the "" crypto hangover "" resulting from growing chip stockpiles as cryptomining activity tapers off . <p> Investors have also aired deeper concerns over the potential impact of a prolonged trade war between the U.S. and China . <p> "" A lot of stocks have been punished during the trade tension , so any reversal should see a relief @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , a fund manager at Hong Kong -- based Invesco . <p> Despite the immediate headwinds , investors said the longer-term case for semiconductors is attractive , in part because of the growing demand for them in sectors such as cars and industrials , which are increasingly turning to robotics and artificial intelligence . <p> Chris Retzler , portfolio manager at Needham Funds , says semiconductors are a barometer of the broader economy . "" Semis continue to play an ever-increasing role in the global economy and all of our lives ... we are seeing semis more widely used in industrial areas like health care , energy , automobiles . "" <p> The share price weakness might provide an attractive entry point for investors who believe in the growth story . "" Samsung is arguably the cheapest large-cap tech stock in all of Asia right now , "" says Oliver Cox , a fund manager at JPMorgan Asset Management . "" Memory storage chips remain the primary source of profits and Samsung is the dominant global leader in the memory market in terms of share , profitability and technological capability @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ provide a classic test of investors ' long-term convictions . We have been increasing large-cap tech exposure at the margin . "" <p> Still , investors are well aware of the likelihood of further share price falls in the coming months , against a backdrop of geopolitical and economic uncertainty . <p> Casey McLean , an investment analyst at Fidelity International , says there is likely to be further falls in share prices as companies cut profit guidance . He says that the sector is about two-thirds of the way through the sell-off . "" This coincides with the inventory cycle , which has built up amid demand weakness , "" he explains . "" It will take a few quarters to run down . "" <p> Investors will be watching the upcoming G-20 meeting for signs of a reconciliation between China and the U.S. , although any warm words will be treated with skepticism as investors brace for a new set of trade tariffs at the start of next year ."
"<p> Thank you for visiting nature.com . You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS . To obtain the best experience , we recommend you use a more up to date browser ( or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer ) . In the meantime , to ensure continued support , we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript . <h> Subjects <h> Abstract <p> The development of new CRISPR -- Cas genome editing tools continues to drive major advances in the life sciences . Four classes of CRISPR -- Cas-derived genome editing agents -- nucleases , base editors , **25;656;TOOLONG and prime editors -- are currently available for modifying genomes in experimental systems . Some of these agents have also moved rapidly into the clinic . Each tool comes with its own capabilities and limitations , and major efforts have broadened their editing capabilities , expanded their targeting scope and improved editing specificity . We analyze key considerations when choosing genome editing agents and identify opportunities for future improvements and applications in basic research and therapeutics . <h> Main <p> The first demonstrations of programmable DNA cleavage by Cas9 nuclease1,2 and subsequent early demonstrations of its ability to carry out targeted genome modification in living eukaryotic cells3,4,5,6,7 initiated an explosive growth in the discovery , engineering and application of CRISPR -- Cas genome editing tools . In this Review , we focus on CRISPR technologies that collectively bring us closer to realizing the longstanding aspiration of being able to install any genetic change at any position within the genome of any living cell with minimal unwanted genome modification or cellular perturbation . Our objectives are to present readers with an overview of the capabilities and limitations of current CRISPR technologies in a way that facilitates tool selection and to highlight opportunities for future improvement . We restrict our discussion to the targeted alteration of genomic DNA sequence using CRISPR-based tools and refer readers to excellent reviews of topics related to other CRISPR applications such as transcriptional regulation8,9,10,11,12 , epigenetic modifications9,10,11,12 , RNA editing11,12 and nucleic acid detection12 . <p> The goal of a genome editing experiment is to convert a targeted DNA sequence into a new , desired DNA sequence ( or sequences ) in the native context of a cell 's genome . In most cases , a single sequence product is desired in high yield , but depending on the application , heterogeneity among edited sequences may be acceptable or even preferred . In designing a strategy to achieve the intended sequence transformation , it is necessary to consider several factors . <p> The type of edit desired determines which classes of editing agents are suitable ( Fig. 1 ) . Common desired targeted edits include the following : ( i ) conversion of DNA base pairs ( that is , point mutations ) , ( ii ) deletion of DNA base pairs , ( iii ) insertion of DNA base pairs , or ( iv ) a combination of the above changes ( including replacement of DNA base pairs ) . Different classes of CRISPR -- Cas editing agents mediate each of these types of changes . Other alterations , such as inversion of a DNA segment or chromosomal translocation , may also be desired . Desired edits can be further classified on the basis of the size of the sequence alteration , as well as the required efficiency and product purity ( that is , what fraction of edited products must be the desired sequence , with no undesired byproducts ) . <p> The ability of the current arsenal of CRISPR -- Cas proteins to engage the target DNA sequence is a second major consideration . Targeting by all DNA-targeting CRISPR -- Cas systems described to date requires that a short sequence known as a protospacer-adjacent motif , or PAM , occur near the target DNA site13 . Naturally occurring CRISPR systems provide a variety of PAM options , and still more engineered variants have been developed with broadened or altered PAM compatibility . The optimal selection of a particular tool must take into consideration the availability of PAM sequences at the target locus , while recognizing that not all CRISPR-based tools are compatible with all PAM-variant Cas protein modules . Most CRISPR editing methods further require that the number of nucleotides between the PAM and the position of the desired edit fall within a certain range . <p> Finally , the optimal choice of CRISPR -- Cas tool and the overall editing strategy will also depend on the intended application . Factors such as cell type ( for example , bacteria , yeasts , mammalian cancer cell lines or mammalian postmitotic cells ) , cellular environment ( for example , cell culture , organoid or in vivo ) , form of the agent ( for example , plasmid DNA , ribonucleoprotein ( RNP ) complex , mRNA or viral vector ) and method of delivery ( for example , lipid-mediated , electroporation , nucleofection or viral infection ) each impose different constraints , as well as different propensities for undesired genome modification events . <p> In this Review , we navigate these considerations and analyze recent developments that have progressively increased the applicability and effectiveness of CRISPR-based genome editing technologies . We begin by describing the naturally occurring variants of Cas9 and Cas12 nucleases that have been characterized and detail the development of Cas9 and Cas12 nuclease variants with broadened targeting scope and specificity . Next we discuss the development and application of base editors , genome-editing agents that precisely install point mutations without requiring double-stranded DNA breaks ( DSBs ) or donor DNA templates . Finally , we summarize emerging CRISPR -- Cas genome editing tools , including Cas transposons and recombinases , which mediate rearrangements of large segments of DNA , and prime editors , which directly copy edited sequences into target DNA sites in a manner that replaces the original DNA sequence . <h> Genome editing with CRISPR -- Cas nucleases <p> In nature , bacteria and archaea use the RNA-guided endonucleases of the various CRISPR -- Cas systems to bind and cleave foreign nucleic acids as part of an adaptive immune system13 . These systems retain a record of previously encountered pathogens by capturing nucleic acid sequences during past infections and then use these captured sequences ( ' spacer sequences ' ) to direct CRISPR -- Cas proteins to destroy the pathogens ' DNA or RNA during future encounters . This mechanism enables CRISPR -- Cas systems to be readily reprogrammed to target a wide range of DNA or RNA sequences simply by using different spacer sequences within a guide RNA molecule , provided the matching target DNA ' protospacer ' sequence is positioned adjacent to a suitable PAM1,2 . This PAM requirement protects the genomic DNA encoding these guide RNAs , which by definition must include targeted spacer sequences but which lacks adjacent PAM sequences , from being destroyed by CRISPR -- Cas systems13 . <p> The programmability of CRISPR -- Cas systems , along with the robustness of some Cas effectors across various cell types and organisms , has enabled their widespread use in the life sciences11,12,14 . In this section , we overview naturally occurring Cas effectors , the ways in which Cas nucleases have been used for genome editing , and the development of engineered Cas nuclease variants that enable broader targeting scope and higher DNA cleavage specificity . Many of the improvements to CRISPR -- Cas nucleases are also applicable to non-nuclease classes of CRISPR -- Cas-based tools , described below . <p> Naturally occurring CRISPR -- Cas immune systems have been classified into two main groups : class 1 , which uses multiprotein complexes for nucleic acid cleavage ; and class 2 , which uses single-protein effector domains for cleavage15,16 . Because of the advantages offered by single-protein effector domains , class 2 systems are the most widely used CRISPR tools for biological research and translational applications . Class 2 is further subdivided into three types -- II , V and VI -- each of which uses a distinct type of Cas protein . Of the Cas proteins from class 2 systems , most type-II Cas9 variants and type-V Cas12 variants possess RNA-guided DNA endonuclease activity , while type-VI Cas13 variants appear to show preferential RNA-targeting and cleavage activity . As the scope of this Review is DNA editing , our discussion of naturally occurring Cas proteins is restricted mainly to Cas9 and Cas12 DNA endonucleases . <h> Cas9 nucleases <p> Cas9 effectors from type-II CRISPR systems are RNA-guided endonucleases that generate DSBs in target DNA sequences17 . In their native context , Cas9 nucleases are guided by CRISPR RNAs ( crRNAs ) , which pair with trans-activating crRNAs ( tracrRNAs ) that facilitate ribonucleoprotein complex formation18 . However , most Cas9 genome editing applications use single guide RNAs ( sgRNAs ) , which were engineered by fusing the crRNA and tracrRNA into a single RNA molecule1 . The PAM sequence for all Cas9 effectors is located immediately 3 ' of the protospacer on the DNA strand not complementary to the guide RNA . Cas9 nuclease predominantly makes a blunt-ended DSB 3 bp upstream of the PAM , within the protospacer sequence19 ( Fig. 2 ) , although alternative cutting patterns have been observed for some Cas9 nucleases20,21 and uncommon 1-bp and 2-bp staggered cuts have been inferred from DNA repair outcomes22 . <p> Fig. 2 : Genome editing with Cas nucleases . <p> Cas9 nucleases are guided by guide RNAs to generate predominantly blunt-end DSBs using two distinct nuclease domains ( RuvC and HNH ) . The DSBs occur within the protospacer , typically preceding three base pairs upstream of the PAM . Cas12 nucleases are guided by crRNAs to cleave both strands of DNA with a single RuvC-like nuclease domain . Cas12 cuts DNA in a staggered orientation within PAM-distal regions of the protospacer . Genome editing with CRISPR -- Cas nucleases results from two major arms of DNA repair . End-joining mechanisms , such as classical nonhomologous end-joining ( c-NHEJ ) and microhomology-mediated end-joining ( MMEJ , or alt-NHEJ ) , result in uncontrolled , but predictable , indels for gene disruption . In the presence of a donor DNA template , homology directed repair ( HDR ) is a competing ( typically less efficient ) pathway that occurs mostly in dividing cells and is used to install targeted mutations or to knock in larger DNA sequences . Insertion sizes with single-stranded oligonucleotide donors ( ssODNs ) are typically limited by synthesis capabilities118 . <p> Target-site recognition begins with binding of the Cas9 -- guide RNA ribonucleoprotein complex to the cognate PAM sequence , followed by unwinding of the double-stranded DNA and concomitant formation of an RNA*DNA heteroduplex between the guide RNA spacer and the target DNA strand17 . This process proceeds directionally , starting at the PAM-proximal region of the protospacer and traveling to the PAM-distal end of the protospacer23 . As the non-target DNA strand is displaced by the guide RNA spacer , it forms a single-stranded DNA ' R-loop ' that is exposed and accessible to other molecules24,25 . The accessible and single-stranded nature of R-loops is exploited by newer genome editing technologies , including base editing and prime editing , discussed below26,27,28,29 . <p> After R-loop formation , Cas9 undergoes conformational changes that result in activation of its nuclease domains25,30,31 . These conformational changes are impeded by mismatches between the target strand and guide RNA spacer , thus restricting nuclease activation to sequences that are highly complementary to the guide RNA spacer32 . As described below , mutations in Cas9 that inhibit this conformational transition are critical to the enhanced DNA specificity of high-fidelity nucleases . Finally , after nuclease activation , the phosphodiester backbone of DNA is hydrolyzed by Cas9 's two distinct nuclease domains : the HNH nuclease domain , which cleaves the guide RNA -- bound target DNA strand ; and the RuvC-like nuclease domain , which cleaves the PAM-containing non-target DNA strand1 . Inactivation through mutation of either of the nuclease domains generates a Cas9 nickase ( an enzyme that cleaves only one of the DNA strands ) , while inactivation of both nuclease domains generates a catalytically dead Cas9 ( dCas9 ) 3,33 that can , however , still bind specific DNA sequences . Nickases are particularly useful for base editors and prime editors , which precisely edit DNA without requiring the formation of DSBs or homology-directed repair26,27,28,29 , whereas dCas9 can be exploited for various applications ranging from transcriptional regulation8,9,10,11,12 to epigenetic modifications9,10,11,12 . <p> Since the initial reports of programmed DNA cleavage by Cas9 nuclease from Streptococcus pyogenes ( SpCas9 ) in vitro1 and in mammalian cells3,4,6,7 , many more Cas9 variants have been discovered and tested for genome editing , including orthologs from Staphylococcus aureus34 , Streptococcus thermophilus3,35,36 , Neisseria meningitidis35,37,38 , Campylobacter jejuni39 and many other organisms40,41,42 . These Cas9 effectors differ in their overall size , cognate PAM sequences , guide RNA architecture , optimal spacer length , editing efficiency and editing specificity . For example , SpCas9 , currently the most widely used CRISPR -- Cas nuclease , contains 1,368 amino acids , recognizes a relatively common NGG PAM , can be used with either an sgRNA or crRNA/tracrRNA pair , functions optimally with 20-nt spacers , has robust DNA targeting and cleavage activity , and supports relatively high levels of off-target editing11,14,43 . Some Cas9 variants offer particular advantages over SpCas9 , such as smaller sizes ( for example , SaCas9 is 1,053 amino acids ) 34 or pyrimidine-rich PAMs ( for example , Nme2Cas9 ) 38 . Supplementary Table 1 lists many Cas9 orthologs and their key properties for genome editing applications . <h> Cas12 nucleases <p> In the current classification scheme16 , Cas12 nucleases encompass several variants from type-V CRISPR systems . These proteins possess just a single RuvC-like nuclease domain that mediates target DNA cleavage of both strands ( Fig. 2 ) . Many Cas12 nucleases are naturally guided by a single crRNA , though some natively use an additional tracrRNA similar to that of type-II CRISPR systems . Cas12 nucleases typically generate staggered cuts within regions of the protospacer that are distal to the PAM sequence44 . These features contrast with the PAM-proximal blunt-end cuts generated by Cas9 . <p> Cas12a ( formerly named Cpf1 ) is the first Cas12 nuclease that has been widely used for genome editing applications44 . Cas12a is able to process its single crRNAs from an array using a dedicated RNase domain , facilitating multiplexed gene editing45 . Cas12a orthologs generally use T-rich PAMs , which are orthogonal to the PAMs of most Cas9 effectors . Some Cas12 variants , such as Cas12f ( formerly Cas14 ) , robustly cleave single-stranded DNA targets46 . Still other Cas12 variants , including Cas12b ( formerly c2c1 ) and Cas12i , predominantly nick double-stranded DNA47,48,49 , though Cas12b has been engineered48 to more efficiently cleave both DNA strands at 37 ? C. Cas12e ( formerly CasX ) , notable for its small size ( &lt;1,000 amino acids ) , is active in bacterial and human cells50,51 . <p> Several Cas12 variants , including Cas12a , indiscriminately cleave single-stranded DNA or RNA following target site recognition and nuclease activation49,52 . This collateral cleavage activity has been used in nucleic acid detection applications46,52,53,54 . Although most Cas12 variants target and cleave DNA , other Cas12 effectors , such as Cas12g , are RNA-guided RNA-cleaving enzymes that exhibit both collateral RNase and DNase activity upon activation49 . Supplementary Table 1 lists several Cas12 variants that have been applied for genome editing applications . <h> Repair pathways <p> Prior studies in mammalian cells using other targeted nucleases , including homing endonucleases ( also known as meganucleases ) 55,56,57 , zinc finger nucleases58,59,60,61 and transcription activator-like effector nucleases ( TALENs ) 62,63 , provided an intellectual foundation for the application of Cas nucleases for genome editing by establishing how a targeted DSB can initiate DNA sequence alteration . <p> Multiple DNA repair mechanisms within cells repair DSBs64 . Several factors influence which repair pathway is used by a cell , including cell type , cell state and the nature of the DSB65 . DSB repair pathways can be divided into two main arms : those that perform re-ligation ( end-joining ) of the broken DNA ends , often with additional nucleotide deletions or insertions at the DSB site ; and those that use DNA templates for homology-directed repair ( HDR ) 66 . While end-joining processes are typically efficient in most mammalian cells67 , HDR is generally active in only dividing cells and requires proteins that are expressed predominantly in the S and G2 cell-cycle phases68,69,70 . <p> CRISPR -- Cas nucleases are most commonly used to efficiently and selectively disrupt target gene sequences3,4,5,6,7,71 . In most mammalian cells , nuclease-induced DSBs are most often repaired by error-prone end-joining processes ( Fig. 2 ) . Perfect end-joining repair regenerates the starting sequence , which remains a substrate for subsequent nuclease cleavage , but end-joining may also result in the insertion or deletion of nucleotides around the break site that prevent subsequent recognition and re-cutting by the nuclease72 . The mixture of insertion and deletion ( indel ) products that result from DSBs can not ( thus far ) be controlled , but they are not random , and can be predicted by inspection or using a machine-learning model73,74,75,76,77 , especially when the break site lies in a region of microhomology . In some cases , end-joining produces high yields of a single desired product74,78 . <p> If nucleases are targeted to open reading frames , indel products after end-joining usually generate frameshift mutations in coding sequences that abrogate protein function79,80,81,82 . Nucleases can also be used to disrupt cis-regulatory elements within promoters or enhancers83 , as well as to characterize non-coding RNAs84,85 . The delivery of multiple guide RNAs that target distinct genomic sequences will typically result in the multiplex generation of targeted DSBs3,4,71 . Pairs of guide RNA sequences that target adjacent regions of a chromosome sequence will often result in the deletion of the intervening sequence3,4,86 . Similarly large deletions have been generated using type-I Cas3 editing systems , which represent an exciting area for future development87,88,89 . End-joining has also been used to insert DNA sequences at sites of Cas9-induced DSBs90,91,92 ( Fig. 2 ) . <p> The simultaneous introduction of two DSBs in a cell can lead to additional rearrangements such as deletions , inversions and chromosomal translocations93 ( Fig. 1 ) . These rearrangements are of particular interest to the biomedical research community since they occur frequently during oncogenesis , particularly in hematological malignancies94 . The efficiency and purity of this process can be enhanced by the addition of homology donors that serve as templates to stitch together the desired chromosome fragments95 . In addition to these designed chromosomal translocations96,97,98 , Cas9 nuclease has been reported to induce undesired chromosomal translocations and other complex rearrangements in cells99 . <p> A landmark study by Jasin and co-workers100 demonstrated that DSBs stimulate HDR at a genomic locus in human cells . HDR in theory can introduce a variety of genome edits , including point mutations , precise insertions , precise deletions and integration of gene-sized DNA fragments101 ( Fig. 1 ) . As with other nucleases , Cas nucleases can be used to initiate HDR in the presence of double-stranded DNA or single-stranded DNA ( ssDNA ) donor templates3,4,7 ( Fig. 2 ) . <p> Nuclease-induced DSBs are repaired more frequently by end-joining mechanisms than by the desired HDR pathway67 . Cas9 nickases , on the other hand , do not lead to high yields of indels at most loci and can also be used to stimulate HDR102,103 . The efficiency of HDR can be increased by suppressing the activity of proteins that mediate nonhomologous end-joining or enhancing the activity of HDR pathways using gene silencing66 , small-molecule **38;683;TOOLONG or expressed **26;723;TOOLONG . Given the importance of DNA repair proteins , however , many of these strategies are anticipated to be difficult to implement in vivo . <p> In addition to the DNA repair pathways described , the generation of DSBs in cells can also lead to undesired genomic alterations such as translocations and large deletions99,114 , as well as activation of p53 responses in cells115,116 . Various improvements to HDR , such as improved designs for DNA donor templates102,117,118 , colocalization of donor DNA templates to the sites of nuclease-induced DSBs119,120,121 , cell cycle synchronization70 , or the use of adeno-associated virus ( AAV ) genomes as donor DNA templates122 , can increase editing efficiencies . Even with these improvements , in most cases indels still represent the majority of edited products with Cas nuclease-initiated HDR , especially in non-mitotic cells14,67 . <h> Engineered Cas variants with expanded targeting scope <p> Expanding the targeting scope of genome editing agents has been a major focus of CRISPR -- Cas technology development . The primary requirement for Cas protein binding is the presence of a PAM sequence13 . A number of Cas9 and Cas12 orthologs have been discovered that recognize various PAM sequences123 , and this natural diversity has been harnessed to enable targeting of a greater fraction of genome sequences . PAM availability , however , remains a common limitation even with the use of natural Cas protein orthologs , as only a minor fraction of total PAM space is collectively accessed by all of the natural Cas proteins shown to function in mammalian cells . Because of these challenges , many researchers have engineered or evolved Cas9 or Cas12 variants with less restrictive PAM compatibilities ( see Supplementary Table 1 ) . <p> The earliest reported examples of Cas9 effectors with altered PAM specificity were developed using a combination of rational design and directed evolution approaches . In 2015 , Joung and co-workers reported SpCas9-EQR , SpCas9-VQR and SpCas9-VRER , mutants of SpCas9 that recognize NGAG , NGA and NGCG PAM sequences , respectively124 . These variants were generated by first installing an R1335Q mutation , which disrupts a critical interaction between wild-type SpCas9 and the third nucleotide of its canonical PAM sequence ( NGG ) . The PAM-interacting domain of the SpCas9(R1335Q) variant was then mutagenized into a library of variants , which was then subjected to selection in bacteria for cleavage of target sequences containing NGA PAMs . Many enriched variants contained mutations at three particular amino acid positions ( D1135V/Y/N/E , R1335Q , T1337R ) that restored nuclease activity on sequences containing an altered PAM . In structural studies , these mutated amino acids were later found to interact directly with the new PAM sequence125 . Shortly thereafter , a hybrid variant of SpCas9-VRER and SpCas9-VQR , SpCas9-VRQR , was reported to have improved NGA-targeting activity in human cells126 . <p> We127 have used directed evolution to generate Cas9 proteins with broadened PAM compatibility . Phage-assisted continuous evolution ( PACE ) and selection in bacteria that links phage replication to broader PAM compatibility generated variants such as xCas9-3.7 , which displays higher activity on non-NGG PAM sequences ( especially NGT and NGA PAMs ) than that of wild-type SpCas9 and greatly reduced off-target activity in human cells127,128 . <p> Nureki and co-workers129 used structure-guided rational design to develop SpCas9-NG , a Cas9 variant that can target all NG PAM sequences with varying activities , in many cases with higher efficiency than xCas9-3.7 . SpCas9-NG incorporates several of the mutations used in SpCas9-VQR , while also adding mutations that stabilize the Cas9 -- PAM interaction . Recently , an extensive comparison of SpCas9 , xCas9-3.7 and SpCas9-NG activity in human cells128 revealed that nucleotides outside of the traditional trinucleotide PAM sequence , extending to up to 5 nucleotides adjacent to the protospacer , can influence targeting activity by each of these Cas9 variants . Moreover , this study showed that the engineered variants xCas9-3.7 and SpCas9-NG were less tolerant of extended guide RNAs containing a 5 ' G , which is often appended to enable efficient transcription from the commonly used U6 promoter , as compared to a standard 20-nt spacer with a matched or mismatched 5 ' G128 . <p> More recently , our group130 and that of Kleinstiver131 have further broadened the range of targetable PAM sequences . We130 used phage-assisted continuous and non-continuous evolution to generate three new SpCas9 variants ( SpCas9-NRRH , SpCas9-NRCH and SpCas9-NRTH , where H is A , C or T , and R is A or G ) with higher activity than xCas9-3.7 that collectively can be used to target almost any NR PAM . Kleinstiver and co-workers131 used structure-guided engineering to develop SpG and SpRY , two SpCas9-based variants that recognize NGN and NRN/NYN ( where Y is C or T ) PAMs , respectively . NRN is recognized more efficiently than NYN . <p> An engineered chimeric Cas9 protein , Spy-mac Cas9 ( and an enhanced-activity variant called iSpy-mac Cas9 ) , was reported to recognize NAA PAM sequences132 . Spy-mac Cas9 was constructed by replacing the PAM-interaction domain of SpCas9 with that of SmacCas9 , which was computationally predicted to recognize AA dinucleotide PAMs . A similar computational strategy was used to identify an ScCas9 ortholog40 and to subsequently engineer high-activity ScCas9 variants that recognize NNG PAM sequences133 . <p> SaCas9 , which offers advantages for certain genome editing applications due to its smaller size34 , natively has a fairly restrictive PAM ( NNGRRT ) , which is present on average at 1 in every 64 genome sequence positions . Through mutagenesis of the PAM-interacting domain and bacterial selections , an engineered SaCas9-KKH variant was developed134 that recognizes NNNRRT PAM sequences , expanding the targeting scope by 4-fold compared to wild-type SaCas9 . Additionally , FnCas9 , which has a high intrinsic specificity , has been engineered using rational approaches to create effectors that recognize YG PAMs in place of its original NGG PAM41 . The engineered FnCas9-RHA variant was designed using structural data that suggested the possibility for disrupting an interaction between Arg1556 and the third canonical PAM nucleotide ( NGG ) . While FnCas9 was found to have low genome editing activity in human cells , targeting of a dSpCas9 to an adjacent region ( the ' proxy-CRISPR ' approach ) facilitates FnCas9-mediated DNA cleavage20 . <p> The T-rich PAM sequences recognized by Cas12 proteins complement the G-rich PAMs preferred by many Cas9 orthologs . However , canonical Cas12 PAMs are often somewhat restrictive , such as the TTTV PAM ( where V indicates A , C or G ) recognized by LbCas12a and AsCas12a44 . Cas12a variants have been engineered using structure-guided mutagenesis to recognize either TATV or TYCV PAM sequences135 . Recently , Joung and co-workers136 reported enAsCas12a , a Cas12a variant with roughly twice the activity of wild-type AsCas12a on canonical TTTV PAMs . This Cas12a variant , developed using structure-guided mutagenesis , also recognizes an expanded set of PAMs , including TTYN , VTTV and TRTV . <p> The set of natural and engineered Cas protein variants reported to date can collectively recognize over half of the PAM sequence space , signifying a great deal of progress in the field from its beginnings with SpCas9 . Nonetheless , improving the targeting scope of Cas effectors -- in particular , to recognize non-purine-containing PAM sequences -- presents an important challenge . Although substantial effort has focused on expanding the targeting scope of Cas9 variants , particularly SpCas9 , the discovery and engineering of Cas12 variants that recognize T-rich PAM sequences will likely continue to expand the targetability of Cas effectors to help meet these needs . Finally , we note that the robustness of engineered Cas protein variants often does not match that of their naturally occurring Cas counterparts128 . This drawback is most evident when Cas proteins are used for more demanding applications , such as editing animal models of human genetic diseases or targeting DNA loci that are occupied by endogenous proteins . Thus , the creation of robust Cas variants that maintain high activity while accessing certain challenging PAM sequences , such as those sparsely covered or missing in Supplementary Table 1 , remains an important opportunity for future advancement . <h> Engineered Cas variants with higher DNA specificity <p> Precise targeting by Cas nucleases depends on their ability to discriminate on-target sequences from similar off-target sequences present throughout the genome137 . While some Cas9 and Cas12 orthologs have been found to be naturally high-fidelity **31;751;TOOLONG , a major research focus has been the development of engineered Cas variants that have greater discrimination for on-target sequences over off-target sequences . The development of high-fidelity enzymes has been greatly facilitated by the development of methods to sensitively detect off-target Cas nuclease activity43 . <p> One strategy to improve targeting precision is to require two Cas proteins to bind adjacently to induce a DSB . This goal has been achieved using two distinct strategies . Paired Cas9 nickases , together with two sgRNAs that target opposing strands of a DNA target , can induce dual nicks only when both nickases bind nearby target sequences , decreasing the likelihood of off-target DSBs , which would require that two off-target sites be near each other in the genome143 . When using this strategy , the spacing and orientation between the two nick sites is an important determinant of DSB formation efficiency . In a second strategy , fusions of dCas9 to the catalytic domain of Fok1 have been used to increase the specificity of DSB formation144,145 . The Fok1 nuclease catalytic domain , which has been used extensively with other programmable nucleases such as zinc finger nucleases and TALENs , is only active upon homodimerization146 . Thus , the simultaneous recruitment of two Fok1 catalytic domain monomers at adjacent DNA sites is required for efficient and specific DNA cleavage in human cells , making the off-target editing efficiency of these systems is very low144,145 . Alternatively , fused Cas9 -- Cas9 chimeras have been used to increase DNA specificity147 . In this design , one Cas9 domain is catalytically inactivated and serves as an auxiliary DNA binding domain , while a second Cas9 domain is catalytically competent but attenuated . This strategy biases nuclease activity to sites where both Cas9 domains can bind147 . The specificity advantages of these dual nickase systems are balanced by their greater complexity and the requirement of additional components . <p> In an effort to increase the intrinsic specificity of Cas9 proteins , several high-fidelity variants have been engineered or evolved to have lower off-target editing **39;784;TOOLONG . First , Zhang and co-workers148 reported eSpCas9(1.1) , an SpCas9 variant that was discovered through alanine scanning of positively charged residues that line the non-target-strand binding groove , with the hypothesis that interrupting interactions between these residues and the negatively charged nucleic acid backbone would decrease binding affinity . After screening mutants , the combination of K848A , K1003A and R1060A mutations was chosen , and the resulting eSpCas9(1.1) variant displayed efficient and precise genome editing in human cells . Joung and co-workers126 used similar principles in their design of the high-fidelity Cas9 variant SpCas9-HF1 , where they aimed to decrease the binding affini"
"<h> Market Overview <h> Tickers <h> Articles <h> Keywords <p> BEIJING , March 12 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Cheetah Mobile Inc . ( NYSE:CMCM ) ( "" Cheetah Mobile "" or the "" Company "" ) , a leading mobile internet company with global market coverage , today announced that it plans to release its fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results before the market opens on Tuesday , March 24 , 2020 . The earnings release will be available on the Company 's investor relations website at http : //ir.cmcm.com . <p> Cheetah Mobile 's management will hold a conference call on Tuesday , March 24 , 2020 at 8:00 A.M. Eastern Time or 8:00 P.M. Beijing Time to discuss the financial results . Listeners may access the call by dialing the following numbers : <p> International : <p> +1-412-902-4272 <p> United States Toll Free : <p> +1-888-346-8982 <p> Mainland China Toll Free : <p> 4001-201-203 <p> Hong Kong Toll Free : <p> 800-905-945 <p> Conference ID : <p> Cheetah Mobile <p> The replay will be accessible through March 31 , 2020 by dialing the following numbers : <p> International : <p> +1-412-317-0088 <p> United States Toll @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> A live and archived webcast of the conference call will also be available at the Company 's investor relations website at http : //ir.cmcm.com . <p> About Cheetah Mobile Inc . <p> Cheetah Mobile is a leading mobile Internet company with global market coverage . It has attracted hundreds of millions of monthly active users through its mobile utility products such as Clean Master and Cheetah Keyboard , casual games such as Piano Tiles 2 and Bricks n Balls . The Company provides its advertising customers , which include direct advertisers and mobile advertising networks through which advertisers place their advertisements , with direct access to highly targeted mobile users and global promotional channels . The Company also provides value-added services to its mobile application users through the sale of in-app virtual items on selected mobile products and games . Cheetah Mobile is committed to leveraging its cutting-edge artificial intelligence technologies to power its products and make the world smarter . It has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since May 2014."
"<h> Google unveils ' made by Google ' $649 Pixel smartphone to rival iPhone <p> Google is introducing two new phones , the Pixel and Pixel XL , to take on big players like Apple and Samsung ; these are the top five features . <p> The Pixel is the first smartphone built by Google . ( Photo : Google ) <p> Google is getting back into making phones . <p> The search giant and creator of the Android operating system debuted its two newest flagship phones -- the Pixel and the Pixel XL -- at an event in San Francisco Tuesday . <p> Google has previously helped design "" Nexus "" phones like the Huawei-made Nexus 6P and LG-made Nexus 5X , but the Pixel and Pixel XL will be the first phones to bear the Google brand , with the tagline "" Phone by Google . "" <p> Their return takes aim at Samsung , the top maker of Android phones , and iPhone-maker Apple with state-of-the art hardware and artificial intelligence- driven software -- the feature seen as giving the edge to tech companies vying @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a design and specification standpoint the two Pixel phones are similar to other current flagship smartphones on the market , with large high definition displays , 12-megapixel f/2.0 rear cameras , and metal bodies . The Pixel will offer a 5-inch display while the Pixel XL will have a 5.5-inch screen . <p> The first two features that Google focused on during the announcement were the built-in Google Assistant and the improved camera software . The Google Assistant allows you to have Siri-like interactions that can leverage the full power of Google 's search results and the smart integration found in things like the Google Now launcher . <p> The camera will give Apple 's new iPhone 7 Plus and Samsung 's Galaxy S7 a run for their money . Google claimed the new phone was the best smartphone camera yet , and showed off numerous software features that can capture multiple images and either intelligently combine them to improve image quality or select the sharpest photo from a quick burst of shots . The Pixel also comes with Google Photos pre-installed , and will offer unlimited free storage of photos @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Nexus-branded phones , the new Pixel phones will run a stock version of the Android operating system , which will be cleaner than the "" skinned "" versions of Android you find on popular phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7 . This typically results in faster performance thanks to the lack of pre-installed , redundant applications that usually just replace Google 's own applications . <p> Google had briefly been involved in manufacturing its own phones when it acquired Motorola back in 2012 , though it sold Motorola Mobility on to Lenovo in 2014 . Though Motorola did make Nexus phones during that time , none of those phones featured the Google brand . <p> Dan Howley tries out the Google Daydream View virtual-reality headset and controller . Daydream View will differ from other VR headsets by having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones . Eric Risberg , AP <p> The headset and phone say hello wirelessly . There 's nothing to connect . And the headset includes an auto-alignment system that gets everything just right . It 's just seconds to being in VR @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @"
"<h> Robot vacuum scorecard : Which is the most efficient cleaner ? <p> One of the reasons we love smart homes so much is they give us the opportunity to allow the home to take care of itself . One of the first smart devices to enter our living rooms was the robot vacuum . Since then , technology has continued to evolve bringing better suction and more features . But they 're more than just puppy ride-sharing , they help keep your home clean while you 're free to think great thoughts or whatever it is that you do instead of vacuuming . <p> As the technology has evolved , so too have the differences between vacuums and features that enable them to be more efficient at cleaning , so we 've rounded up some of the most popular models and stack them against one another . These robot vacuums cover a variety of different floor types and price points . <p> The Shark IQ Robot Vacuum features dual brushes to funnel debris into it . <h> What we are looking for ? <p> Robot vacuums have a very @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ up . Period . That 's the list . We want to focus on the features that would do the best job at that , while also pointing out specific technologies that make them efficient . It 's surprisingly hard to quantify a lot of what a robot vacuum does ; obstacle avoidance does n't get a numeric score , so we focused on what we could . <h> The Basics <p> Right out of the gate , every single one of these vacuums can do the basics . They all work with both Alexa and Google Assistant , plus they all are operated through an app . You can schedule cleanings with all of them . Things like that are considered bare-bones must-haves in order to make this list . The vacuums all have smart return features when the battery gets low too . <h> Battery <p> Battery life is one of the more important aspects of the vacuum . The size of the battery determines how long your vacuum can keep going . Robot vacuums depend largely on autonomy and getting things done on their own , and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , cover more area , and get more done without your assistance . <p> Most robot vacuums have the ability to return to a charging station and top off the battery if it starts getting low during a cycle . But battery size also determines how long it will take for a battery to recharge , and in this particular case , smaller is better in some respects . However , we can probably all agree that longer runtime is more important than faster recharge time ; at least when it comes to robot vacuums . <h> Advertised Runtime <p> Battery size and runtime would seem to go hand-in-hand , but that 's not necessarily the case . As you 'll see in the chart below , a larger battery does not necessarily equal a longer runtime . We should also note the fact that the numbers in the chart are the advertised runtime from the manufacturer . Your actual mileage may vary . <p> There are a number of factors that play into runtime . The equipment on board will have different battery draws . As an example , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , and LiDAR on board may run for less time than a less powerful model with only bump sensors to guide it . That 's why we 're listing both of these categories , and we 'll break down what vacuums use what down below . But it 's important to make the distinction that bigger is n't necessarily better . <h> Zones <p> Zones are fairly basic features on a robot vacuum , but surprisingly one of our candidates does n't have this feature . Zones allow you to do one of two things . You can either designate the space you want the vacuum to clean , or you can designate areas to stay away from . Both are separate functions , but for our purposes , we lumped them together in the same category . <h> Automatic Dirt Disposal <p> Robot vacuums are awesome enough , but just imagine not even having to think about your floors for an entire month ? A few of the vacuums in this scorecard actually empty the dustbin by themselves ! It 's like next-level laziness and you have every right @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ emptying the dustbin , all it 's doing is emptying the dustbin into an even bigger dustbin in the charging base , and you have to empty that once a month or so . But still , you 're taking four or five minor annoying chores and swapping it into one minor , but slightly more annoying chore -- so our math says that 's a win . It 's basically the perfect use case for recurring Google Home or Alexa reminders . <h> Wet Mopping <p> Floors come in all shapes , sizes , and materials . A vacuum that 's great on carpet may not be so great on a tile floor . Because once you finish vacuuming a tile floor , you need to lug out the mop and bucket to get that final shine , right ? Well , a few of our robots both vacuum and mop in a single unit , which is pretty killer . Not only do you end up with clean floors , but you end up with shiny clean floors . <p> Vacuuming is great , but the addition of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ know you can get that in a wide range of budgets , which is amazing . There is some work to do to get your robot vacuum to mop ; adding liquid for example , so if you 're coming down off the high of the auto-cleaning dustbin , this should ground you again . <h> How things shaped up <p> Right off the bat , you 'll notice the prices for our field of vacuums range from $260 on the low end , to a single George Washington below $1000 on the high end . That 's a lot of variety . But if you look at the list again , you 'll notice that the vacuum with the lowest price actually checks a lot of boxes . <p> The Lefant M571 Robot Vacuum has a cumbersome name , but it also comes with zones and with wet mopping , which is pretty awesome . The Lefant uses a combination of laser guidance and infrared sensors to map out your home , and this is one of the only vacuums on the list that uses infrared . <p> As @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ find a better deal than the Eufy RoboVac L70 Hybrid . Its price puts it firmly in the mid-tier of vacuums , but this one uses LiDAR and laser mapping to figure out what is where , which makes for a very accurate map . Also on the LiDAR list is the Roborock S6 MaxV , which is another great option . It also adds a pair of cameras and A.I. for really great obstacle avoidance . Another point to mention is that the S6 MaxV leverages cameras and artificial intelligence , to discern clutter such as shoes and pet bowls , so it does n't get tangled up trying to clean around them . The Roborock sits higher on the pricing tier , but overall , you ca n't go wrong with either of these options . <p> As for the automatic dustbin empty , which we really love because we 're a little bit lazy , the iRobot Roomba S9+ and the Shark IQ Robot Vacuum R101AEW both have that feature . The Shark IQ adds the auto-dustbin cleaner as an option which raises the price quite a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of smart sensors to map out your home and they both scored very highly in our reviews . <p> Rounding out the list , we have the Neato Botvac D7 and the Ecovacs Deebot 960 . Both of these robots use laser mapping to map out your home . These two probably qualify as our least favorites on the list . They both hit the upper tier in terms of price , but their performance just is n't all that great in our testing . The Ecovac adds wet mopping to vacuuming , which is great , but unfortunately , it turns out these robots are not all that neato , nor all that eco . <h> Which one should you buy ? <p> Bottom line , if a robot ca n't get to where it needs to clean , it 's not going to do a very good job . As we mentioned above , the main ways that robot vacuums navigate is through LiDAR or VSLAM . LiDAR is a form of laser mapping that sends out pulses of light to figure out where everything is . Meanwhile @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a combination of cameras with A.I. and lasers to not only figure out where the boundaries are , but can also help avoid obstacles in a vacuum 's path . <p> The iRobot Roomba S9+ self empties itself out after each use . <p> Overall , we 're very happy with how LiDAR works on vacuums like the Roborock S6 MaxV , which actually uses both LiDAR and optical detection . The downside with A.I. detection is it 's still fairly new on the scene , similar to the Ecovacs Deebot 960 . Despite that , there 's still a great selection of robot vacuums that fits all sorts of budgets . Unfortunately , no one vacuum checked every single box for us , but we 're hopeful that might change as more advances are made and features become commonplace . We 'll be updating this scorecard frequently with new contenders as they take the field , so stay tuned . <p> For now , we find ourselves happiest with the OG of robot vacuums , the iRobot Roomba S9+ . It received the highest review score of the field @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ it automatically disposes of dirt . The only thing missing is a mopping feature . But , it also costs almost a thousand dollars ."
"<p> AVENGED SEVENFOLD frontman M. Shadows sat down with SiriusXM Octane host Jose Mangin last week to talk about the band 's new album , "" The Stage "" . You can now listen to the parts of the chat -- which aired on SiriusXM 's Octane channel on Friday , October 28 -- below . A few excerpts follow ( transcribed by BLABBERMOUTH.NET ) . <p> On why AVENGED SEVENFOLD decided to "" surprise-release "" its new album , "" The Stage "" : <p> M. Shadows : "" There 's a million reasons , but I guess the most prominent reason would be just the lack of originality in the way people release are releasing records these days . The Internet is so quick , things happen instantly ... When your parents have iPhones , and they know everything that 's going on , you know everyone 's connected and you can do something like this and the word 's gon na get out there . But a lot of it has to do with just our boredom of having to go through three to four singles @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ months later , it 's finally out , and all the excitement 's gone . We just wanted to give the fans the cherry on top right off the bat and just say , ' Here it is . You thought we were messing around for a year , but we 've been working . ' <p> "" A lot of bands , you 're hearing what people are saying , or they 're reviewing this , and you 're hearing the vibe of the record before you even get to hear the music , and that 's just wrong to me . I want people to make their own decision . Listen to the music and figure it out for yourself instead of being fed the press release : you know , like , ' This is what it 's gon na sound like , ' and , ' It 's our favorite , most melodic , heaviest thing ever . ' It 's so boring at this point . "" <p> On "" The Stage "" being made available as a physical CD : <p> M. Shadows @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to Capitol Records for being able to pull that off . This is the first surprise release that actually has a physical release with it . So when you talk about RADIOHEAD or Kanye West or Beyonc ? , it was all digital . But we 've been able to sneak records into the stores . So , yeah , you can go anywhere and pick it up now . "" <p> On fans embracing the new AVENGED SEVENFOLD music : <p> M. Shadows : "" We found that people are smart ; they get it . When we released ' The Stage ' title track as a single , we were really surprised by how intuitive the fans were and how much they understood of what we were trying to say in the song and with the music video . So I do n't think you need to spoonfeed people the concept of an album or this or that ; just let ' em decide for themselves . Let it be in its purest form . "" <p> On whether there is a lyrical theme connecting all the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" Yeah , there is . I would n't call it a concept album , but it 's very conceptual in terms of artificial intelligence , where we 're going in the future , some of the big questions that are gon na be answered very soon -- in the next ten to fifty years -- with artificial intelligence . And then it also kind of goes into space exploration and how A.I. could help us with that and also how A.I. could be detrimental to the human race . So it explores all those things . "" <p> On how they managed to keep it a secret that they were releasing an album without a prior announcement : <p> M. Shadows : "" We did n't really tell anyone , except very close people in the inner circle . Because people just like to talk . And even though they might not have bad intentions , you just do n't want some person to accidentally tweet something or put an Instagram post up , ' cause that 's all it takes and then the whole surprise is ruined @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . So this has been really good , and we 're really proud of being able to keep this whole thing secret . "" <p> On the recording process for "" The Stage "" : <p> M. Shadows : "" We did in multiple studios up in L.A. , or in Hollywood , with producer Joe Barresi . He mixed the new SLIPKNOT record . He 's done a lot of stuff , but production-wise , he 's just the guy you want . Everything 's real ; he does n't mess around with all the junk that goes into these overcompressed , over-reverbed out records that are totally fake-sounding . So having Joe was awesome , ' cause he gave us the confidence . He said , ' You guys can all play . Why do n't we just put a mic in the room and have you play ? ' And I was , like , ' Oh , yeah , okay . ' So that 's what we did . And I think it 's a brilliant result . It 's cool . "" <h> COMMENTS @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ must be logged in to an active personal account on Facebook . Once you 're logged in , you will be able to comment . User comments or postings do not reflect the viewpoint of BLABBERMOUTH.NET and BLABBERMOUTH.NET does not endorse , or guarantee the accuracy of , any user comment . To report spam or any abusive , obscene , defamatory , racist , homophobic or threatening comments , or anything that may violate any applicable laws , use the "" Report to Facebook "" and "" Mark as spam "" links that appear next to the comments themselves . To do so , click the downward arrow on the top-right corner of the Facebook comment ( the arrow is invisible until you roll over it ) and select the appropriate action . You can also send an e-mail to **29;533;TOOLONG with pertinent details . BLABBERMOUTH.NET reserves the right to "" hide "" comments that may be considered offensive , illegal or inappropriate and to "" ban "" users that violate the site 's Terms Of Service . Hidden comments will still appear to the user and to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ published from a "" banned "" user or contains a blacklisted word , this comment will automatically have limited visibility ( the "" banned "" user 's comments will only be visible to the user and the user 's Facebook friends ) ."
"<p> In Durham , another motivated group of students found a new way to help maximize recycling efforts . The students know that even the best intentions to recycle may fail if the wrong materials are mixed together , so they made posters to hang over every recycling bin on campus . <p> "" Recycling contamination is a huge problem , "" said Jason Li , a senior at the N.C. School of Science and Mathematics . "" Once recycling gets contaminated , you ca n't recycle that anymore . So that basically goes to waste . "" <p> Together , Li and fellow student Dalia Segal-Miller helped lead a team of students on an "" artificial intelligence "" project . Their prototype phone app helps users quickly identify recyclable and non-recyclable items . <p> "" If you show it this metal bottle , it will classify it as metal with about an 80% accuracy , "" Li said . "" But there 's a separate material on top , because the lid is actually plastic . "" <p> One the students turn in a 3-minute video explaining their invention , they could become one of 20 national finalists @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ sustainability are my biggest passions , "" Segal-Miller said . "" To have more publicity around this project -- and the problem that we 're trying to fix -- is really exciting . "" <p> If either of the North Carolina schools are among 20 finalists that will be announced in the first week of April , they would receive a $100,000 prize package including Samsung technology and other classroom resources ."
"<p> The European Commission is proposing to direct billions of euros of financial relief into high tech and green investments to help the bloc recover from the coronavirus crisis . <p> Technologies such as 5G , AI , cloud , cybersecurity , supercomputing and renewable energy look set to benefit from a ? 750BN pan-EU support package set out today -- aligning with the Commission 's pre-existing policy priorities before the pandemic struck the region , causing thousands of deaths and major economic damage . <p> "" Urgent action is needed to kick-start the economy and create the conditions for a recovery led by private investment in key sectors and technologies . This investment is particularly crucial to the success of Europe 's green and digital transitions , "" it writes in a factsheet on its budget proposal set out today -- which is being slated as a wider "" recovery plan "" for Europe . <p> "" Investment in key sectors and technologies , from 5G to artificial intelligence and from clean hydrogen to offshore renewable energy , holds the key to Europe 's future , "" it adds . <p> On the green deal front , it @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ buildings and infrastructure and a more circular economy , bringing local jobs ; <p> Cleaner transport and logistics , including the installation of one million charging points for electric vehicles and a boost for rail travel and clean mobility in our cities and regions ; <p> It also plans to funnel more financial support into a Just Transition Fund to support re-skilling and help businesses tap into the economic opportunities offered by digitization and going green . <p> The Commission estimates that at least ? 1.5 trillion will be needed to reboot the EU 's economy as a result of the pandemic crisis in 2020-2021 alone -- so the budget proposals include a revision of the 2014-2020 multiannual financial framework as well as a financial framework for the 2021-2027 period . <p> The Commission is proposing to borrow ? 750BN on the financial markets , through the issuance of bonds , for a ' Next Generation EU ' fund which will be channelled through EU programs between 2021 and 2024 -- with the loan to be repaid over "" a long period of time throughout future EU budgets "" ( @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ It 's proposing three investment pillars for this fund : One focused on support for EU Member States via direct investment and reforms ; a second focused on kick starting the EU economy by incentivizing private investments ; and a third aimed at learning lessons from the COVID-19 crisis , with a big focus on health , as well as civil contingencies and foreign aid . <p> Under the first pillar , digital and green technologies are set to benefit from a proposed ? 560BN Recovery and Resilience Facility that will offer EU Member States financial support for related investments and reforms , including a grant facility of up to ? 310BN and up to ? 250BN available in loans . <p> "" Support will be available to all Member States but concentrated on the most affected and where resilience needs are the greatest , "" the Commission said today . <p> It 's also proposing ? 15BN extra for the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development -- to "" support rural areas in making the structural changes necessary in line with the European Green Deal and achieving the ambitious @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Fork strategies "" . <p> Under the second pillar , a new Solvency Support Instrument is intended to mobilize private resources to support what the Commission bills as "" viable "" European companies in the sectors , regions and countries most affected . It wants this support to be operational from 2020 , and is suggesting a budget of ? 31BN with the aim of aiming to unlock ? 300BN in solvency support for companies from all economic sectors ( to "" prepare them for a cleaner , digital and resilient future "" , as it puts it ) . <p> There 's also more money for the InvestEU investment program which the Commission wants to see hitting ? 15.3BN over the budget period to spin up more private investment in projects across the EU . <p> It 's also proposing a new Strategic Investment Facility be built into InvestEU which it wants to generate investments of up to ? 150BN to boost the resilience of "" strategic sectors "" , again notably those linked to the green and digital transition -- with ? 15BN set to be chipped in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the third pillar , the Commission is earmarking ? 9.4BN for a new health programme , EU4Health , that 's intended to strengthen health security and prepare for future health crises . <p> While the Horizon Europe research program is set to get ? 94.4BN -- including to support what it dubs "" vital research "" in health , resilience and the green and digital transitions . <p> Commenting in a statement , European Commission president , Ursula von der Leyen , said : "" The recovery plan turns the immense challenge we face into an opportunity , not only by supporting the recovery but also by investing in our future : the European Green Deal and digitalization will boost jobs and growth , the resilience of our societies and the health of our environment . This is Europe 's moment . Our willingness to act must live up to the challenges we are all facing . With Next Generation EU we are providing an ambitious answer . "" <p> In terms of next steps , the Commission 's budget proposals will need to gain political agreement from the European @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , with the EU 's executive keen to impress on Member States there 's no time to lose in financing coronavirus relief . <p> The EU parliament will also need to have its say but the Commission has penciled in early autumn for the adoption of the revised 2014-2020 framework and December 2020 for adoption of the revised Multiannual Financial Framework 2021-2027 ( as well as Member States ' Own Resources Decision ) -- with the aim of implementing the latter framework in January 2021. @ <p> "" This statement that we have right here that we 're about to make -- running this racecar , being on live television on Fox -- I think it 's going to speak volumes for what I stand for but also what the initiative that NASCAR , the whole sport , is trying to push , "" Wallace said in a video on Twitter . <p> "" It 's true -- Black lives do matter . It 's not that we 're saying no other lives matter , we 're trying to say that black lives matter too . If we put ' too ' on the end , I think a lot more people would understand it , "" he added . "" We want to be treated equally and not judged off our skin color . "" <p> He also announced that his foundation , Live to Be Different , would be donating $10,000 to the Black Lives Matter Foundation . <p> ADVERTISEMENT <p> Wallace this week wore an "" I ca n't breathe "" shirt in solidarity with protesters marching over the death of George Floyd , the unarmed black man who died in police @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ his neck for nearly nine minutes . <p> "" No one should feel uncomfortable when they come to a NASCAR race . It starts with Confederate flags , "" Wallace said this week . Get them out of here . They have no place for them . "" <p> The racing league earlier this month said that it was "" hurt and angered "" following Floyd 's death . <p> "" For us to heal and move forward as a nation , we all need to listen more and be united in the stand against racism , hatred , senseless violence and loss of life . And we all must hold ourselves accountable to driving positive change . """
"<h> We 've all thought of building a world from scratch . University of Chicago 's ExoTerra Imagination Lab is doing it . <p> Picture this scenario : Lifespans are now approximately 115 years . And you have slept for 70 years on a starship with 1,999 travelers to get to a new world -- a terraformed planet that will become humanity 's new home . <p> Welcome to the role-playing game that is ExoTerra Imagination Lab . The idea of Ada Palmer , a University of Chicago associate professor of history , ExoTerra is a way for students , faculty , alumni , gamers and sci-fi/fantasy fans around the globe to connect in pandemic times , Palmer said . <p> Advertisement <p> The year is 2412 and you 've reached a new star system called Abaia , 64 ? light years from Earth , and you and other colony colleagues must design the new world from top to bottom -- cities , laws and which animals to release into the new ecosystem . As the first wave of explorers , you and your fellow travelers must design a civilization @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Earth 30 years ago and are in suspended animation . <p> The Earth you left behind in 2301 was still thriving , but its people were hard-pressed to fix the global flaws from humanity 's past . The ExoTerra mission 's goal is to build a better world for colonists . <p> Advertisement <p> "" UChicago is creating this for the pandemic -- to give students something that is exciting and community building , "" Palmer said . <p> Another goal of the project : to be a space for exploring the important problems of our world and propose solutions to them in a way that 's not connected to current politics -- from schools to incarceration . The project is in the tradition of "" speculative resistance , "" Palmer said , a kind of science fiction that focuses on other ways the world could be by using imagined places . <p> According to Ben Indeglia , Palmer 's lead lab assistant , 500 students and 100 volunteers signed up to be a part of the project . And over a dozen University of Chicago faculty members across various @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ winter quarters , meaning their students will participate individually and in groups for grades . <p> There are creative writing students composing vignettes for characters in the new world , volunteers playing extra characters that the students talk to via text and online , like the head of the United Nations back on Earth , the cast of the nearest colony ship , and the artificial intelligence computer on the ship that likes to ask gamers riddles . Other students are handling the art . <p> Students participating in the ExoTerra Imagination Lab have been designing graphics for things like future United Nations space missions . ( Ben Levine ) <p> Students will name the planet in the next 10 weeks and use Minecraft to build simulated versions of the capital city . In winter quarter , the ExoTerra team will land on the planet , and characters will start building the capital city . By the spring quarter , some exciting finale stages develop . Palmer said the stakes in the lab will change at different points in the 2020-21 school year , representing different stages of populating a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , with information about what the planet 's composition is , and there will be moments when a new discovery is made and revealed to players . The same is true for confrontations . But most of the lab will be paced by the players themselves . <p> "" It 's definitely a more-the-merrier kind of situation , "" Indeglia said . "" The more people that join in on the project , the more well-defined the world gets to become , because more people are focusing on different aspects of the world . "" <p> Sorcha Brophy , assistant instructional professor in the undergraduate Public Policy Studies program , is augmenting the curriculum of her class , The Politics of Health Care , by letting her 25 students design the health system for the colony -- from hospitals/clinics to innovation/technology . <p> "" Students love to debate the issues . ... We spend most of our time talking about what 's wrong with health care and why it does n't work , "" she said . "" It seemed really exciting to be able to put them in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ does work . I think , in this moment , it 's a huge relief to be able to think like that instead of just thinking about all the limitations to fixing what we currently have . "" <p> Student participants of the University of Chicago 's ExoTerra Imagination Lab are making 3D renderings of the new planet 's landing sites using Minecraft . ( Ben Levine ) <p> Matthew Kruer , a University of Chicago assistant professor of history is excited about the lab because he wants it to be something that brings a sense of hope to a moment that can feel dark and isolated . <p> "" One of my goals in participating in the ExoTerra project was just to be able to give students a kind of a simulated version of the forms of regular social interaction that they 're missing out on , "" Kruer said . <p> The collaborative environment allows for a cross-pollination of educational tracks and an exchange of ideas , with experienced players interacting with first-time gamers . And mentorship factors in as well , Palmer said . <p> Advertisement <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ are asking career advice questions and mentoring questions and getting to talk to adults in fields they 're thinking about entering in a casual way that is harder to arrange outside of the gaming community . "" <p> An ExoTerrra Imagination Lab image , using Planet Generator , shows a view of the planet that is being colonized . ( Planet Generator ) <p> Audrey Scott , 18 , a first-year student from Houston , welcomes the lab 's possibilities during a time when school orientations have changed , given the on-again , off-again self-quarantining that is taking place . She 's a player and a volunteer on the writing and media teams , where she is creating graphics and maps . <p> "" I get to have the entirety of ExoTerra to simply be a playground of academic and social discovery , and that is what 's really amazing about it , "" she said . "" There 's nothing particularly normal about a campus experience when you 're engaging in this role-playing space exploration . What it really does allow is a sort of bond with my classmates @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that I would not have had otherwise with our current situation . "" <p> James Sparrow , associate professor of history and a deputy dean of the University of Chicago 's Collegiate Social Sciences Division , said it was easy to say yes to Palmer 's imagination lab . <h> Ask Amy Newsletter <p> Daily <p> No-nonsense advice for better living delivered to your inbox every morning <p> "" Really creative thinking always crosses boundaries and disciplines , "" he said . "" We all know how important the imagination is to unleashing intellectual abilities . ( The lab ) harnesses their imagination and gets them to apply the things that they 're learning in the classroom in new ways . We need to use our imagination much more creatively to foster connections and literally building a world together is a wonderful way to do that . "" <p> The students in Palmer 's class this quarter will choose whether they will design elements of the government system or the higher education system . Either way , Palmer said , they 're going to be reflecting on the different goals @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ European history as they design a system for the new world . <p> "" The setup here is that the colonists will have had to have built a city ready to hold 80,000 people and created a society ready to welcome those people ... to be welcoming of 80,000 immigrants coming from Earth , which has a very different culture , separated by decades of change , "" Palmer said . "" How do they future-proof their culture to always be welcoming to immigrants is one of the challenges that students are dealing with . "" <p> Advertisement <p> A book is already being discussed once the inaugural lab is completed , Palmer said . <p> Advertisement <p> Thinking about participating in the ExoTerra Imagination Lab but not connected to the University of Chicago ? You can volunteer for the project ."
"<h> Mitigating the risks of the AI black box <h> If we do n't understand how machine learning works , how can we trust it ? Increasing model transparency creates risks as well as rewards <p> Enterprises are placing their highest hopes on machine learning . However machine learning , which sits at the heart of AI ( artificial intelligence ) , is also starting to unnerve many enterprise legal and security professionals . <p> One of the biggest concerns around AI is that complex ML-based models often operate as "" black boxes . "" This means the models -- especially "" deep learning "" models composed of artificial neural networks -- may be so complex and arcane that they obscure how they actually drive automated inferencing . Just as worrisome , ML-based applications may inadvertently obfuscate responsibility for any biases and other adverse consequences that their automated decisions may produce . <p> All these tools and techniques help data scientists generate "" post-hoc explanations "" of which particular data inputs drove which particular algorithmic inferences under various circumstances . However , as noted here , recent research shows that these frameworks can be hacked , thereby reducing trust @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ following risks : <p> Algorithmic deceptions may sneak into the public record . Unscrupulous parties may hack the narrative explanations that these frameworks generate , perhaps for the purpose of misrepresenting or obscuring any biases in the machine learning models being described . In other words , "" perturbation-based "" approaches such as LIME and Shapley can be tricked into generating "" innocuous "" post-hoc explanations for algorithmic behaviors that are unambiguously biased . <p> Technical vulnerabilities may be disclosed inadvertently.Exposing information about machine learning algorithms can make them more vulnerable to adversarial attacks . Full visibility into how machine learning models operate may expose them to attacks that are designed either to trick how they make inferences from live operational data or to poison them at the outset by injecting bogus data into their training workflows . <p> Intellectual property theft may be encouraged . Entire machine learning algorithms and training data sets can be stolen based simply on their explanations alone , as well as through their APIs and other features . Transparent explanation of how machine learning models operate may enable the underlying models to be reconstructed @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ transparency may make it possible to partially or entirely reconstruct training data sets , which is an attack known as "" model inversion . "" <p> Privacy violations may run rampant . Machine learning transparency may make it possible for unauthorized third parties to ascertain whether a particular individual 's data record was in a model 's training data set . This adversarial tactic , known as a "" membership inference attack , "" may enable hackers to unlock considerable amounts of privacy-sensitive data ."
"<h> What does it mean to be an indie movie today ? Just look at this list and find out . <p> In 2018 , it 's harder than ever to be independent in the world of movies . With Thanos and T. rexes and computer-animated superfamilies descending upon our multiplexes , the do-it-yourself spirit of film history is being crowded out , one IP blockbuster at a time . But there are still some fearless , indie-minded artists fighting the fight . This week on The Ringer , we 'll look at some veterans of the field and some exciting new entrants , and try to understand where independent cinema will go from here . <p> In his 1996 book Spike , Mike , Slackers and Dykes , John Pierson chronicles his exploits as the self-described "" guru "" of independent American cinema in the period bridging the low-budget , off-the-grid incursions of the 1980s -- when Spike ( Lee ) and Mike ( Moore ) came out of nowhere to become household names -- and the ' 90s , which could be divided into two distinct periods : before and after Pulp Fiction.Quentin Tarantino 's reverent , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ no wonder that one of QT 's contemporaries , Kevin Smith , uses a video-store metaphor midway through the book to describe not only Pierson 's job as a producer 's rep but also the role of critics in getting audiences to see movies with smaller production and marketing budgets . "" You take something that you really like ... and take it to the people ... you 're a very selective , very finicky video clerk . "" <p> The landscape described by Pierson has changed irrevocably in the 20-plus years since his book 's publication -- notably , the book 's publisher , Harvey Weinstein , has gone from power player to persona non grata . But it 's still a valuable , gossipy document of a time when it was easier to identify the difference between mainstream and indie . If the "" Slacker "" of Pierson 's saga -- that 'd be Richard Linklater -- makes a movie like Last Flag Flying for a studio ( Amazon ) , does that immediately disqualify it from consideration as indie ? Probably . But what about Boyhood , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ production companies and released domestically by IFC , a company whose name literally contains the word "" independent ? "" Or how about a movie like Chlo ? Zhao 's The Rider , one of 2018 's true standouts , which was made completely apart from the traditional moviemaking apparatus before being acquired at Cannes by Sony Pictures Classics -- a subsidiary of the studio currently spewing Venom all over American multiplexes . The omnipresent A24 now operates as an integrated production and distribution powerhouse with day-and-date delivery systems and lucrative streaming deals with Amazon Prime . When everything and everybody seem connected from the top down , "" independent "" becomes an elastic term . Taxonomy is tricky . <p> With this in mind , compiling a list of the best -- or maybe let 's say the most interesting -- American independent films since 2000 is a fool 's errand . I do n't mind looking foolish ( I wrote a book about Showgirls , for god 's sake ) but know that there were some ground rules here , only a couple of which were broken . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ movies produced or distributed by major studios or mini-majors , which led to the decision to leave out A24 ( meaning no Lady Bird , or The Witch , or Spring Breakers , or Hereditary , or you name it ) ; no foreign titles , since financing structures abroad are even more difficult to categorize ( which means that authentically shoestring masterpieces like Ben Wheatley 's Down Terrace did n't qualify ) ; no obvious "" calling card "" movies ( even though some of these filmmakers got snapped up by studios pretty fast ) ; and no need to include certain films that Ringer readers probably already know and love . ( Sean Fennessey pushed for the inclusion of a certain Nicolas Winding Refn thriller starring Ryan Gosling whose title rhymes with "" dive "" but I exercised my one Canadian-freelancer veto , since that movie sucks . ) <p> So take this list for what it is : a likely flawed and deeply subjective dive through 18 years of independently produced -- and in all cases , independent-minded -- filmmaking that runs the gamut in terms of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ names ( Christopher Nolan , Barry Jenkins ) to discoveries waiting to happen ( Josephine Decker , Khalik Allah ) . Consider it the attempt of a former finicky video clerk to take some things I really like and share them with you all . Ca n't wait to be told how wrong I am on Twitter . <h> Actress <h> Robert Greene , 2014 <h> ( Cinema Guild ) <p> Robert Greene is fixated on performance ; his fine indie-wrestling portrait Fake It So Real and creepy Kate Lyn Sheil showcase Kate Plays Christine are both studies of actors and their process . The standout , however , is 2014 's Actress , a film whose strange circumstances -- the director became friends with Wire alumnus Brandy Burre , who was a neighbor living down the street in Beacon , New York -- belie its assurance as portraiture and metaphor . Ostensibly , Actress is about Burre 's attempt to make a screen comeback but it reveals itself more as a movie about the other "" performances "" in her life -- as a wife , as a mother @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ an archetypal construct more complicated than any scripted role . As much an essay film as a documentary , it 's the sort of heady , intellectual movie that rattles around in your brain for days . <h> Ballast <h> Lance Hammer , 2008 <h> ( Gravitas Ventures ) <p> It 's been 10 years since Batman &amp; Robin digital designer Lance Hammer dropped the weighty , amazing Ballast into a festival circuit where it was heralded as the arrival of a major new talent . The fact he has n't made a movie since is a mystery , and a shame . A stark , grayed-out drama set in the Mississippi Delta about a DJ turned convenience store owner ( the hulking , indelible Michael J. Smith Sr. ) who steps into the wreckage of his dead identical twin 's life -- sublimating grief and anger into familial responsibilities he 'd always avoided -- Ballast displays visual and storytelling chops comparable to the work of the Dardenne brothers ; its claustrophobic domestic spaces and wide-open horizon lines make for thrilling viewing even as its tone remains hushed and mournful @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Hammer 's debut most deserves to be better known . <h> Blue Ruin <h> Jeremy Saulnier , 2013 <h> ( Radius ) <p> Revenge is a dish best served bloody raw in Jeremy Saulnier 's absolutely crack-shot thriller , which deals with an unlikely , self-styled assassin ( Macon Blair ) struggling to reckon with the consequences of his righteous vigilantism . Comparisons to Blood Simple make sense insofar as Blue Ruin is a similarly regional and handcrafted enterprise , and if Saulnier lacks the Coens ' gifts for brilliant dialogue ( who does n't ? ) he proves nearly their precocious equal at depicting the anxious down time in ballets of flesh wounds and headshots . ( Watch it side by side with No Country for Old Men and tell me I 'm wrong . ) Less gory than Green Room but more effective as a thrill machine , Blue Ruin deserves its place in the canon of under-the-radar thrillers . <h> Butter on the Latch <h> Josephine Decker , 2013 <h> ( Cinelicious ) <p> The buzz around the tricky , trippy Madeline 's Madeline suggests that Decker @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ one of its front-runners , but she 's been making synapse-scrambling work for a few years now . The cryptic , visionary Butter on the Latch , about a pair of city girls who attend a Balkan music camp in the middle of the California wilderness and begin to lose their grip on reality , incorporates horror-movie motifs into a meditation on identity that 's anything but generic . Lots of indies strive for weirdness , but unusual ways of seeing -- both in terms of literal camera placement and the more ephemeral quality of "" perspective "" -- come to Decker naturally . Butter on the Latch is nightmarish in the truest sense ; its freakiest moments seem to have been filmed with eyes wide shut . <h> Cameraperson <h> Kirsten Johnson , 2016 <h> ( Janus Films ) <p> Split the title of Kirsten Johnson 's documentary in half and a dizzyingly complex series of relations reveal themselves : between the camera and its subjects ; between the camera and its operator ; and also between the person behind the lens and the people in front of it @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ political journalist Laura Poitras ( Citizenfour ) and gleaned footage from a variety of fraught spots across the globe ( there are excerpts from her tours of duty in Bosnia and Afghanistan ) Johnson displays a willingness to interrogate her own practice -- and in the process illustrates why she 's such a sterling pro . It 's the rare sort of self-awareness that radiates with humility instead of personal branding , and it 's essential in a moment when even progressive nonfiction filmmaking too often opts for emotional shorthand and cheap shots . <h> Cold Weather <h> Aaron Katz , 2010 <h> ( IFC ) <p> The protagonist of Aaron Katz 's sweetly shaggy semi-thriller yearns to be a detective , and ends up unexpectedly investigating a mysterious disappearance in his Portland neighborhood . When he starts smoking a Sherlock Holmes -- ian pipe to aid with his deductive process , it 's a hipster affectation that 's also an act of loving homage . Of all the directors who emerged out of the so-called "" Mumblecore "" movement , Katz may the one with the easiest visual facility @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and assertive camera movements that aid rather than overwhelm its modest genre aspirations . It 's also got the best brother-sister act in 21st-century indie ( apologies to Alex Ross Perry 's The Color Wheel ) , with Cris Lankenau and Trieste Kelly Dunn distilling sibling rivalry and affection into a subtle , wordless solidarity , whether whale-watching or listening to a beloved teenage mixtape . <h> Computer Chess <h> Andrew Bujalski , 2013 <h> ( Kino Lorber ) <p> In truth , there are a few movies by Andrew Bujalski that could have gone here : the tender twin-sibling study Beeswax ; the goofy ode to self-improvement Results ; the buoyantly bleak workplace comedy Support the Girls . The reason Computer Chess gets my vote is because it 's so singular : a deadpan black-and-white oddity shot on circa-1980s video cameras about a group of beta males -- all amateur chess whizzes -- who check into a lonely hotel for a weekend tournament only to become pawns in some larger game involving the Pentagon and artificial intelligence . <h> Donnie Darko <h> Richard Kelly , 2001 <h> ( Flower @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ apocalyptic vibes of Richard Kelly 's **28;166;TOOLONG comedy impressed critics ; by September of the same year , an ad campaign featuring a crashing plane destroyed its chances of a successful release . Like all cult classics , Donnie Darko found its audience -- and appreciation -- over time ; nearly 20 years later , its I-Heart-the- ' 80s ironies seem more anthropological than nostalgic , while its millennial themes of alienation , identity crisis , and despair have proved apt . And even if the twisty script and demonic-bunny imagery did n't hold up , the movie would have its place in the needle-drop hall of fame for the way Kelly turns Echo and the Bunnymen 's "" The Killing Moon "" into an anthem of creeping , unnameable dread . <h> Field Niggas <h> Khalik Allah , 2015 <h> ( KhalikoVision ) <p> On paper , Khalik Allah 's experimental documentary sounds capital-P Problematic . On a street corner in Harlem , a group of African American locals -- many high on the synthetic marijuana substitute K2 -- are interviewed ( and perform ) for a digital camera @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , self-conscious stylishness . Meanwhile , the soundtrack has been manipulated so that the faces and dialogue are slightly out of sync , resulting in an amorphous blending of identities . So yes , Field Niggas is a test case for the perils of aestheticized ethnography -- and critiques of Allah 's methods are valid -- but it 's also a mesmerizing feat of individual and community portraiture , using its subjects ' observations , arguments , confessionals , and asides as both poetry and political commentary . Allah , who used his father 's 35mm camera to photograph members of the Wu-Tang Clan and refers to his multimedia work as "" Camera Ministry , "" was back this year with the hugely acclaimed Black Mother ; its predecessor is n't that easy to see but it 's worth seeking out all the same . <h> Fruitvale Station <h> Ryan Coogler , 2013 <h> ( TWC ) <p> All three of the collaborations between Ryan Coogler and Michael B. Jordan have yielded terrific performances inside of interesting movies ; the difference with Fruitvale Station is that nobody saw them coming @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that Coogler cultivated in Creed and Black Panther here ; instead , the fact-based Fruitvale Station -- about the killing of Oakland resident Oscar Grant by BART officers in 2009 -- proceeds observationally , adopting a ( last ) day-in-the-life structure to fully dimensionalize a character whose fame in death threatened to overshadow his actual identity . Coogler 's wisdom in styling the movie as a showcase ca n't be overstated : Jordan 's smart , magnetic acting is star-is-born stuff , and looks more than ever like ground zero for a major career . <h> Gerry <h> Gus Van Sant , 2002 <h> ( ThinkFilm ) <p> All that goodwill for Good Will Hunting can buy a genuinely independently-minded guy a lot of leeway -- enough to make a draggy , plotless parable about two guys named Gerry starving to death in the desert ( not to spoil the ending but they do n't get far on foot ) . As a rejection of cinematic convention , Gerry was snotty and funny ; as an outlet for Van Sant 's then-atrophying formalist muscles , itwas , in its way @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ languorous beauty of his earlier work -- especially My Own Private Idaho -- while rejuvenating himself and moving forward toward Cannes and Oscar glory . <h> George Washington <h> David Gordon Green , 2000 <h> ( Cowboy Pictures ) <p> Probably the foundational American indie of the 2000s -- as stylistically and tonally influential going forward as it was evidently influenced by ' 70s stalwarts like Terrence Malick and Charles Burnett -- George Washington used small-scale imagery and incidents to evoke larger concepts . What better way to suggest your movie is about "" America "" ( as a place of residence and as an abstraction ) than to name it after a Founding Father ? Essentially a "" How I Spent My Summer Vacation "" riff awash in delicate , ominous lyricism , David Gordon Green 's film was propped up by critics like Roger Ebert and gradually canonized ; all you need to do is watch any five minutes of Mid90sto see how an even younger generation of would-be auteurs has absorbed its atmosphere-is-everything ethos . <h> Heaven Knows What <h> Josh and Benny Safdie , 2014 <h> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ make a movie : after meeting a 20-year-old former crack addict on the streets of New York City , Josh and Benny Safdie encouraged her to write a memoir of her experiences -- and then cast her in the film version . The ferocious , lived-in authenticity of Arielle Holmes 's performance in the literal adaptation of her lifegives her as much ownership of Heaven Knows What as the Safdies , whose subsequent breakthrough in last year 's superb Good Timeowes plenty to its predecessor 's restless , nervy , street-level rhythms . Heaven Knows What is one of the decade 's most harrowing viewing experiences , with no built-in comfort or distance ; it 's a mix of aesthetic innovation , artistic tourism , debatable exploitation , and stealth empathy that 's as worth arguing over as it is watching in the first place . <h> The House of the Devil <h> Ti West , 2009 <h> ( MPI ) <p> It 's been diminishing returns for Ti West since this awesome ' 80s shlock riff , which is why it 's important to remember the good times : @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ; Greta Gerwig in a supporting role ; and witches in the attic . ( Plus : Mary Woronov , the closest thing to a walking seal of approval for offbeat genre fare . ) Where most newish horror movies opt for a slow burn or full-on sensory overload , House of the Devil mixes moods and modes without ever losing sight of its primary goal , which is to terrify -- rather than amuse or gross out -- an audience that 's too jaded at this point to think it can be done . Believe . <h> Inland Empire <h> David Lynch , 2006 <h> ( Absurda ) <p> The conclusion of David Lynch 's L.A. trilogy does n't just repudiate studio filmmaking ? la Mulholland Drive ; it adopts a borderline incomprehensible visual and narrative form to say goodbye to Hollywood for good . Even for such a congenitally uncompromising filmmaker , Inland Empire is my-way-or-the-highway stuff , reaching back -- at times , seemingly on purpose -- to the underground-shock ethos of Eraserhead , when its maker was a mere "" maniac "" ( to quote Mel @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ else you can say about this strategically ugly , grueling , extraordinary three-hour ordeal -- complete with "" Locomotion "" music video -- it is the film of a free man . <h> It Felt Like Love <h> Eliza Hittman , 2013 <h> ( Variance Films ) <p> The shallow-focus imagery of Eliza Hittman 's debut belies its depth as a coming-of-age fable . Besides being wise about its teenage female protagonist 's arc from ( not-quite ) innocence to ( less-than-spectacular ) experience , It Felt Like Love perceives its male characters with a devastating acuity . Hittman 's "" boys-will-be-boys "" thesis is n't endearing , forgiving , or accepting ; on the contrary , the film bristles with frustration and despair over the kind of callow cruelty inflicted from a place of privilege and base insecurity . In other words , it hits the nail on the head -- and at times , between the eyes . <h> Medicine for Melancholy <h> Barry Jenkins , 2008 <h> ( IFC ) <p> It makes sense that critics compared Barry Jenkins 's first foray as a writer-director to Before @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a **36;196;TOOLONG story . But Richard Linklater 's Before films were never as inherently politicized as Medicine for Melancholy , whose characters -- wary , militant Micah ( Wyatt Cenac ) and sharp , supple-minded Jo ( Tracey Heggins ) -- become embodiments of a larger , argumentative dialectic about the assimilation of African American art , culture , and identity as well as gentrification in that all-time cinematic city , San Francisco . No less than Moonlight or If Beale Street Could Talk , the film is a visual tour-de-force , using color ( and its absence ) to code and contextualize dialogue that 's at once poetically vivid and awkwardly everyday : happily , the promise of its low-budget craftsmanship and conceptual intelligence has been fulfilled . <h> Memento <h> Christopher Nolan , 2000 <h> ( Newmarket ) <p> If you made a Memento-style movie about Christopher Nolan 's career -- that is , started it now and worked back to the beginning -- then his 2000 breakthrough would be one hell of a climax : the kind of perfectly structured and acted neo-noir that would serve as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ budgets equal to the GDP of a small country and had Michael Caine on speed-dial , Nolan got big-time production value out of his priceless instincts for how to discombobulate an audience without losing them completely ; what makes Memento memorable is n't just its Harold Pinter -- ish reverse chronology but all the little visual and verbal details -- a tattoo here , a cryptic one-liner there -- that stick firmly in the back of our minds even as they go in one of Guy Pearce 's antiheroic ears and out the other . <h> An Oversimplification of Her Beauty <h> Terence Nance , 2012 <h> ( Variance Films ) <p> The popularity of Random Acts of Flynessshould hopefully introduce viewers to Terence Nance 's wildly inventive , essentially unclassifiable debut feature , in which the director -- playing a version of himself -- agonizes , rhapsodizes , philosophizes , and aestheticizes a woman ( Namik Minter ) with whom he has decided he is crazily in love even as their friendship displays clearly demarcated platonic boundaries . There are aspects of Woody Allen and Spike Lee here , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Michel Gondry , and yet Nance 's vision is more than the sum of its influences : it illustrates that art -- whether beautifully sincere or wildly undisciplined -- consists of nothing less ( or more ) than the courage to take something from the inside and put it out into the world . <h> Old Joy <h> Kelly Reichardt , 2006 <h> ( Kino International ) <p> The weekend warriors in Kelly Reichardt 's humanely humorous road movie are n't alpha-male types ? la Deliverance ; they do n't want to forge rapids , only soak their early-middle-aged bones in a lonely mountain hot springs . At once a sly satire of **26;234;TOOLONG philosophizing and a deeply felt elegy for eroding countercultural values -- with Will Oldham as a more melancholy version of The Dude -- Old Joy re-established its director in the indie vanguard 12 years after her debut River of Grass . Since then , she 's worked with increasingly shimmery stars ( Michelle Williams , Kristen Stewart ) , revised foundational American movie genres ( Meek 's Cutoff'sreckoning with the Western ) , and become a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <h> Pariah <h> Dee Rees , 2011 <h> ( Focus Features ) <p> The story behind the making of Pariah is as indie-textbook as it gets : a film school thesis short expanded into a feature script and nurtured in the Sundance Directors Lab before a splashy festival premiere . But Dee Rees 's film stood -- and stands -- apart because of the subcultural specificity of its subject matter : as a queer , black coming-out story , it anticipates Moonlight while incorporating aspects of its director 's own autobiography , framed by sensitive , exuberant cinematography by Bradford Young . Working in glorious tandem , Rees and Young style the images so that Alike ( Adepero Oduye ) goes from the camera 's striking but introverted subject to the source of its elegant point-of-view compositions ; Rees 's subsequent triumph with Mudbound ( which received an Oscar nomination for its cinematography ) should hopefully shed more light on her debut . <h> Police Beat <h> Robinson Devor , 2005 <h> ( Northwest Film Forum/WigglyWorld Studios ) <p> The Rhodesian-born political columnist and hip-hop chronicler Charles Mudede cowrote @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ on his experiences as a journalist on Seattle 's "" police beat . "" Its hero is a Senegalese immigrant who works as a bike cop and narrates his experiences in his native Wolof language while we watch him interact in English with Americans . This structure elegantly distills themes of identity and assimilation into a film that 's also pressurized by urban decay and its protagonist 's spiralling romantic paranoia : the subtitle , "" Seven Days of Crime and Delusion , "" evokes David Fincher and Dostoyevsky with equal efficiency . <h> Redacted <h> Brian De Palma , 2007 <h> ( Magnolia ) <p> Greetings , Brian De Palma -- good to have you back ! Nothing against the classic Hollywood-style giallos that made him a household name , but Redacted 's simultaneously irreverent and deadly serious exploration of the Iraq War -- staged in a YouTube-channel style that only looks better and more prescient in retrospect -- was the return that fans of BDP 's late- ' 60s "" American Godard "" period had been hankering for . Made for less than $5 million and released into @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ commercially , and led to a vicious behind-the-scenes feud between the director and his financier Mark Cuban -- a good sign that De Palma was awake and pissed off after sleepwalking through a decade of studio assignments . <h> Room 237 <h> Rodney Ascher , 2012 <h> ( IFC ) <p> If I had a dollar for every time I 've read or heard somebody misinterpret Rodney Ascher 's homemade , legally contentious , and fully brilliant video essay on The Shining , I 'd probably have $237 . But that 's OK , because what Room 237 is really about -- beyond whether or not Stanley Kubrick faked the moon landing and used a shot of child 's sweater to confess it ( spoiler : he did n't ) -- is how even the most magisterially controlled works of art ( e.g. The Shining ) become wide open to interpretation the moment they reach an audience . Forget Steven Spielberg 's obscene CGI recreation of the Overlook in Ready Player One:it 's Ascher who truly gets inside the madness of Kubrick 's masterpiece . <h> The Rider <h> Chlo @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> Western myths get put through the wringer in Chloe Zhao 's visually rugged , emotionally delicate drama , in which a battered cowboy ( Brady Jandreau playing a broken-down version of himself ) has to decide the value of getting back in the saddle again . Part landscape film , part community study , and wholly gorgeous in a way that incorporates but does not defer to the aesthetics of classic Westerns , The Rider received enough critical attention that Zhao has been tapped -- surprisingly and maybe a bit worryingly -- to take her talents to the MCU . However that adventure goes , the success of this anxious , unique feature means that Zhao 's place in the contemporary indie vanguard is secure -- either till she comes back or moves on completely . <h> Shotgun Stories <h> Jeff Nichols , 2007 <h> ( Multicom ) <p> "" This started a long time ago , "" says Son ( Michael Shannon ) of the inter-family feud that drives Jeff Nichols 's dusty , indelible debut ; while it 's easy to intuit metaphor ( social and biblical @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ sets of brothers from different mothers , Shotgun Stories works because it 's so compelling on the levels of character and drama . Nichols swung for the fences a couple of years later with the **30;262;TOOLONG psychodrama Take Shelter , and while that 's an impressive piece of work , his feeling for the hard , mean contingencies of American self-sufficiency -- of stubborn loyalty that mutates into murderous anger -- has never been more precise . Nor , I 'd say , has Shannon necessarily been any better , partially because back in 2007 , his laconic-to-volcanic eruptions still felt spontaneous instead of like a recognizable actorly signature . <h> Starlet <h> Sean Baker , 2012 <h> ( Music Box Films ) <p> I could have gone with Tangerine , Sean Baker 's winning , stylistically innovative iPhone-shot comedy , but -- happily -- it was embraced upon release and boosted by the success of his Oscar-nominated follow-up The Florida Project . So instead , I 'll stump for Baker 's underseen , underrated , cumulatively overwhelming Starlet , a Los Angeles -- set story of female friendship between @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ older woman ( the late Besedka Johnson , in her only film role ) she meets at a yard sale . Baker 's skill with actors and use of setting as character -- rightly praised in Tangerine and The Florida Project -- was never surer than in Starlet'salternately comic and abject setup , which handles lurid situations with refreshing even-handedness and demonstrates a generosity of spirit that does n't come naturally to most cooler-than-thou directors -- and which ca n't be faked . <h> Sweetgrass <h> Lucien Castaing-Taylor and Ilisa Barbash , 2009 <h> ( Cinema Guild ) <p> In documentary circles , the films created by the members of Harvard 's Sensory Ethnography Lab have been considered one of the decade 's major and most contentious bodies of work : Does their **30;294;TOOLONG descent into a series of unusual physical environments and socioeconomic ecosystems represent a new stage of verite or is the rampant GoPro abuse in a film like Leviathan just another stylistic gimmick ? I like Leviathan'sdoomy view of an industrial fishing vessel , but I truly love its directors ' earlier experiment , Sweetgrass , which @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <h> Upstream Color <h> Shane Carruth , 2013 <h> ( VHX ) <p> In 2004 , mathematics major Shane Carruth made a $7,000 time-travel thriller called Primer that joined El Mariachi and The Blair Witch Project in the modern DIY canon . Nine years later , he parlayed that film 's robust return on investment into the bizarre and beguiling Upstream Color , a nearly indescribable sci-fi thriller about -- in no particular order -- kidnapping , mind-control , parasites , Walden , late capitalism , relationship anxiety , pig farming , and parenthood . Whether or not Carruth 's mix of philosophy , body horror , and Malickian slipstream editing is truly , deeply cerebral or a commitment-free mindfuck is hard to know for sure , and yet if one definition of independence is a lack of compromise , Upstream Color qualifies and excels : nobody else has made a movie like this , and nobody else would try . <h> Wet Hot American Summer <h> David Wain , 2001 <h> ( USA Films ) <p> OK , we 're cheating a bit here : Technically , WHAS'soriginal distributor @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and the recent Netflix resurrections of David Wain 's cult comedy indicate a mainstream approval that 's pretty far from the margins . But facts are facts : Wet Hot American Summer is the funniest movie of the 2000s and was financed basically out of thin air back in 2001 , when its biggest stars were Janeane Garofalo and David Hyde Pierce and Siskel and Ebert went out of their way to slam its supposed amateur-hour ineptitude on national television . If there 's a legacy of independence here , it does n't have to do with money -- OK , it does a bit , because the film looks and sounds as cheap as hell -- but with an attitude . Every joke in this movie seems to be more for the people making it than for an audience . I defer to the wisdom of The Village Voice , which wrote that "" this movie will be loathed , but it may be ahead of its time . "" To say the least ."
"<h> As life moves online , gaps in digital accessibility mean millions of disabled Americans are being left behind . <p> When virtual events began proliferating due to calls for social distancing , Camisha Jones saw a silver lining . For years , she has had limited access to in-person events due to undifferentiated connective tissue disease , which causes , among other symptoms , joint pain and fatigue . But now that many events would be taking place online , she realized she could attend more poetry readings than usual . <p> Her enthusiasm was short-lived . "" I find myself opting out of events because very little effort is being made to provide accessibility services for them , "" said Jones , who works as the managing director of a poetry organization and lives in Herndon , Virginia , in an email interview . <p> In addition to chronic pain , Jones also has M ? ni ? re 's disease , a disorder of the inner ear that causes fluctuating hearing levels as well as other symptoms . In order to enjoy online events , she needs to be able to read what speakers are saying through captioning or a transcript.However , few organizations are using real-time automatic captioning for their livestreamed events , though the feature is available for free on platforms like Facebook and YouTube . While autocaptions are less accurate than human transcribers , the technology has improved over the years . In choosing not to use it , event organizers are shutting out more than 48 million deaf and hard-of-hearing Americans . <p> One in four American adults is disabled . It 's been 30 years since lawmakers passed the Americans With Disabilities Act to make the country -- and later , some argue , the internet -- more accessible . But now , as we shift to working , schooling , shopping , and communicating virtually , the pandemic is showing how many holes remain in digital accessibility . From the absence of captioning to technical obstacles to blatant disregard for who even has access to the internet , these holes are everywhere : in health care , the workplace , education , and even state government websites , where more than 30 million Americans have filed for unemployment . According to research by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation in April , "" 86 percent of state government unemployment websites fail at least one basic test for mobile page load speed , mobile friendliness , or accessibility . "" The researchers noted in their report , "" These results closely mirror the performance of 400 state government websites ITIF tested in 2018 , "" showing a consistent disregard for the needs of disabled people even before the pandemic . <p> Jones , who has met with multiple doctors for virtual appointments over various telehealth videoconferencing platforms since March , said she had trouble understanding them due to the lack of accommodations , which has led to "" infuriating "" delays and technical obstacles . "" None of the platforms for these appointments have included captions , "" she wrote . Some non-telehealth-specific videoconferencing platforms do offer autocaptions , including Skype , Google Meet , and Microsoft Teams ; Zoom , however , does not. * ( All of these platforms have HIPAA-compliant options , provided that the platforms are used correctly . ) <p> In the pandemic , deaf and hard-of-hearing people also face technical issues even when getting care in person . Many hospitals are limiting in-person interpreters to prevent the spread of the virus and offering video remote interpreting in their stead . But remote sign language interpreting can be plagued by poor Wi-Fi connectivity or a lack of training on the part of medical professionals . The Los Angeles Times reported that in March in Ocoee , Florida , Jennylee Bruno , a deaf author who was diagnosed with COVID-19 , initially received information about her condition through a video feed that kept freezing. * Staff eventually stopped using the interpreter altogether because of the frequent technical issues and instead used a whiteboard to communicate . "" There 's a lot of people there and they have no time to wait for an interpreter , "" she told the newspaper . <p> Employees now working from home are also facing videoconferencing challenges . Alaina Lavoie , a writer , editor , and social media manager in Boston , finds these calls overstimulating for her as an autistic person . "" I have to focus and spend a lot more energy on video calls than I would on meeting in person or an audio call with no video component , "" she said over email . She finds herself needing to take multiple breaks during calls because the pressure of deciding whom to look at or when it 's appropriate to speak exhausts her energy . "" I think it increases accessibility if events are available to watch later , especially since with a virtual event it 's so easy to record it and upload it . "" <p> Students are also saying that their access needs are n't being addressed in the virtual space . Despite the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act , which ensures equal access to education to eligible students with disabilities , many students have been overlooked during the rush to move courses online . ( It did n't help that Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was , until recently , debating whether to grant waivers to schools exempting them from special education requirements . ) Mitchell Smedley , a blind high school student in Ivyland , Pennsylvania , is one of four students who filed a civil rights complaint with the National Federation of the Blind on May 11 against the College Board for not making its AP tests , which are now being administered digitally because of the coronavirus pandemic , accessible by hard copy to students who use Braille . "" College Board needs to give the option for Braille and tactile diagrams , like we would have had before the pandemic , "" Smedley said over email . Without them , "" it 's like asking the sighted students to turn off their screens . "" <p> Online offerings also make the assumption that people can even access them . But many disabled people lack basic internet access . According to a 2016 Pew Research Center survey , disabled adults are roughly 20 percent less likely than nondisabled people to say they subscribe to home broadband and own a computer , smartphone , or tablet . Twenty-three percent of disabled respondents say they "" never "" go online , compared with 8 percent of nondisabled respondents . It 's likely that fewer disabled people have internet access than nondisabled people because they are more than twice as likely to live in poverty . Only 32 percent of working-age people with disabilities are employed , compared with 73 percent of nondisabled people . <p> All of these roadblocks -- whether to academic resources , medical care , or just participation in a virtually staged community -- cost disabled people more than just the access they 're denied in that moment . Elizabeth Ellcessor , an assistant professor of media studies at the University of Virginia who studies the accessibility of technology , said that technology that restricts access to those who fit bodily norms is itself disabling . Referring to the rise of video meetings through platforms like Zoom , she said over email , "" While these technologies extend access in some ways , they also introduce new problems tied to various disabilities or bodily needs . "" <p> With public health experts saying that social distancing may need to continue on and off through 2022 , businesses , schools , and organizations need to make their online services accessible . If they do n't , already underemployed disabled people risk losing their jobs , experiencing difficulty acquiring goods and services like health care , and not having the information they need to stay safe . <p> "" We disabled people stand to benefit greatly , alongside everyone else in this economy , if we make digital accessibility a priority , "" said former Rep. Tony Coelho , who has epilepsy and was the ADA 's primary sponsor , in an email interview . "" My recommendation for leaders who are trying to figure out what to do and how to do it is to build relationships with disability leaders in their communities . They are your best assets . "" He added that it 's also important to "" address how race , class , national origin , gender identity , sexual orientation , and religion impact digital access . "" <p> AudioEye , an artificial intelligence -- powered technology company where Coelho is on the board , is one of several companies working to ensure that websites are ADA-compliant and abide by the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines . Unlike other technology companies that put the onus on the content developer to correct accessibility issues found by the company , AudioEye says they insert a snippet of JavaScript code into a website -- to identify and remediate accessibility issues including missing image descriptions and inaccessible forms , buttons , heading structure , and links . <p> Lawsuits over web accessibility are filed at the rate of once every working hour , according to a 2019 report by 3Play Media , a company that provides captioning , transcription , and audio description services . In a landmark decision in October , the Supreme Court declined to hear Domino 's Pizza 's petition to review its case , in which the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that it violated the ADA because its website did n't work with a blind man 's screen reader software . <p> "" Right now , the world has just been scrambling to survive COVID-19 , "" said Heath Thompson , who uses a wheelchair and is the chief executive officer of AudioEye , in an email interview . "" I believe the pandemic has also created an opportunity for worldwide empathy towards the need for digital access , as we 've all now been able to experience what it 's like not to be able to do basic things every day that we all took for granted just a few short months ago . "" <p> Correction , May 22 , 2020 : This piece originally misidentified Google Meet as Google Meets and misspelled Ocoee."
"<h> Google Stock : This Is Huge for Fans of Alphabet Inc <p> With so much attention being paid to the recent U.S. presidential election , it can be easy to forget that day-to-day business never slowed down . <p> Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOG ) , otherwise known as Google , certainly did not grind to a halt . It kept innovating ( as it always has ) and making inroads into new industries . I wrote months ago that these investments could pay off big-time for Google stock ( GOOG ) , and now those calls are looking prophetic . <p> To be specific , I was excited about Google entering the healthcare industry . Anything to do with medicine is big business . So , when Google signed a deal with the National Health Service ( NHS ) in the U.K. to bring new apps to British hospitals and clinics , I was pretty excited . <p> This may seem strange right now , because Google is so well-known for its Internet services , but the company is reaching a tipping point with apps that can help @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ directly to healthcare organisations , my guess is that they 'll form a gigantic new revenue base for Google . Enterprise clients are generally more dependable than end consumers who change their minds every two seconds . <p> Anyone looking at Google stock should consider this future . When trying to price the company , think of what it could be five years from now . Imagine if tens of thousands of medical professionals were willing to pay Google for help with diagnostics and treatment . The upside could be huge . <p> But let 's backtrack for a second . How exactly can Google help doctors ? Believe it or not , the answer lies in an acquisition that Google made in 2014 . <p> Understandably , most analysts did a double-take when they saw the price tag . <p> DeepMind was a company that designed artificial intelligence ( AI ) software , something which analysts consigned to the realm of science fiction . It was n't supposed to be a realistic investment , much less one that was worth half a billion dollars . <p> But clearly @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ company understands that it is not something out of the Terminator movies , but just a term that applies to advanced software . <p> This software can scan images and understand what is in them . It can identify chairs , tables , people , etc . By flipping through tons of chess games , it can learn how to play better than a human . It is capable of learning , and that 's what makes it special . <p> Google saw the potential of this software years ago . The company understood that DeepMind 's algorithms could be applied to almost any field , starting with healthcare . For instance , by letting the software scan the data of patients with acute kidney injury , it learns what the warning signs are . <p> These warning signs are too subtle or random for human eyes , but the AI can detect patterns we can not . According to DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman , the software could help save up to 1,000 lives a month of those who are affected with acute kidney injury ( AKI ) . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , much in the way we get news alerts on our phones , "" said the Royal Free Trust 's medical director Stephen Powis . "" We know that a quarter of deaths from AKI are preventable if clinicians are able to intervene earlier and more effectively . "" <p> So let 's add this up : using DeepMind 's software helps patients and doctors . They 're both on board because it would improve patient outcomes . <p> Some people are a little concerned about data privacy , but since DeepMind separates the file names from the data , that is n't a problem . Some folks would complain under any circumstances . They are the Luddites , the village people , the ones holding back progress . By contrast , Google 's software team is helping save lives . <p> What 's even better , at least from the perspective of Google stock investors , is that healthcare organisations will pay big money for these insights . So , by any standard , the upside potential for Google stock has dramatically increased because of this breakthrough ."
"<h> AI in 2020 and beyond : create a digital replica of your aging parent or yourself <p> You 're racing to the airport , unaware there 's a wreck on the highway ahead . <p> Fortunately , an artificial intelligence-driven system in your vehicle is looking after you . The system automatically checks on your flight -- still on schedule -- and determines your chances of making it to the gate on time are slim . With your permission , it can proactively book an alternate flight . <p> "" That 's the true virtual assistant in the future , "" says Gartner vice president and fellow David Cearley . "" Rather than having conversational interfaces respond to discrete things , it understands the context and can respond to ( your ) intent . "" <p> Much has been said and written about the future of AI , and the role it will play -- good and potentially bad -- in practically everything consumers and businesses engage in . What pretty much everyone agrees on is that AI will make a profound difference through the next decade and beyond , during which we may see a further blurring @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , researchers at Pew Research Center and Elon University 's Imagining the Internet Center asked the following : "" By 2030 , do you think it is most likely that advancing AI and related technology systems will enhance human capacities and empower them ? "" <p> Of the nearly 1,000 technologists who weighed in , about two-thirds predicted most of us will be better off , with a third thinking otherwise . And most expressed at least some concern over the long-term impact of AI on the "" essential elements of being human . "" <p> Sriram Raghavan , who heads IBM Research AI , predicts that in 2020 by combining learning with logic , AI will start to develop a "" common-sense "" reasoning system , to help businesses deploy more conversational automated customer care and technical support tools . <p> For his part , Jeff Loucks , executive director of Deloitte 's Center for Technology , Media &amp; Telecommunications , believes that within 10 years , AI-powered robots may help aging people remain in their homes . And AI embedded in more smart devices will help all of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ side <p> Those who worry about the dark side , however , fear that AI will result in data abuse , loss of jobs and an erosion in our ability to think for ourselves . <p> And AI systems must be trained without prejudice and bias . An NYU study from last year pointed out that the people building out such systems are too white and too male . <p> Alarm bells have been sounded by some of the most famous names in tech . <p> Tesla and SpaceX chief Elon Musk has said AI is far more dangerous than nuclear weapons . The late scientist Stephen Hawking warned AI could serve as the "" worst event in the history of our civilization "" unless humanity is prepared for its possible risks . <p> For some , "" deepfakes "" are the immediate concern , especially with the 2020 U.S. presidential election coming up . These rather sophisticated "" doctored "" videos can make it look like a politician said something outrageous , controversial or out of character . <p> "" We are used to Photoshopped photos by now and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ we are really not used to being fooled by our own eyes and ears if we see something on a very crisp and clear video , "" says Lars Buttler , CEO of the AI Foundation , an organization that has developed forensics technology to help identify such fakes . <h> A virtual AI you <p> Separate from all that , AI Foundation is developing "" personal AIs , "" kind of avatars of famous people , starting with a digital version of author and spiritual adviser Deepak Chopra . On a phone , tablet or computer , this virtual Chopra can recognize you , respond to your questions and even meditate with you , Buttler says . <p> By late in the year , though , Buttler believes you 'll be able to create your own personal AIs -- perhaps of people close to you like your 5-year-old kid or an elderly parent or grandparent . And you 'll be able to create a digital replica of yourself that looks , talks and is trained by you . <p> "" A photo tells us what somebody looks like and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ we also add the elements of the tone of their voice , their mannerisms . But with your own AI , you can literally go back to that point in time and talk to them ( or your younger self ) , "" Buttler says . <p> Such personal AIs might also be used to entertain , teach or , Buttler suggests , become the future AI equivalent of YouTube stars . <p> Meanwhile , Snapchat is applying deepfakery into a new feature called Cameo . It will let you edit your own face into a customizable video loop or GIF . <p> We may make use of virtual assistants and personas in all sorts of ways . <p> Gartner 's Cearley envisions a scenario where you 're in your kitchen cooking a roast , assisted perhaps by none-other-than late celebrity chef Julia Child . You 're not just following some step-by-step video recipe . A virtual Child ( or someone like her ) is effectively cooking with you , thanks to AI , sensors , and the fact that your oven and other appliances are connected and can talk @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ there 's the risk of overcooking the meat , Child might pipe in : "" Oh my goodness , it 's time to pull it out , ' "" she might say . <p> It is an example of how AI can drive "" radical simplification , "" Cearley says . "" The computer is not something that sits on my desk . The computer is my home , my car and the environment that I 'm working through . """
"<p> Everyone and their brother seems to be introducing impractical EVconcepts these days -- you know , those cars that look cool and promise all kinds of awesome technology but will never , ever make it into production . So I 'm very excited because Jaguar is introducing the Vision Gran Turismo Coup ? as a part of the new Gran Turismo Sport video game . At least we 'll be able to see a concept in action , sorta ! <p> The Vision GT Coup ? is aesthetically influenced by the C-type and D-type , with its mechanical underpinnings coming from Jaguar 's Formula E and I-PACE eTROPHY cars . It contains three different electric motors that produce 750 kW and propels the virtual car from 0-100 km/h ( o-62 mph ) in under two seconds . <p> The virtual sports EV is crafted from experimental lightweight materials , with the light and stiff monocoque made from carbon-fibre composites and advanced aluminium alloys . This focused lightweight construction ensures the Jaguar Vision GT Coup ? weighs just 1,400kg and delivers near 50:50 weight distribution . <p> ... <p> The car features an on-board artificial intelligence system affectionately named @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , and interface between the driver and machine to enhance the emotional connection with the car* . This technology can also display other useful information to the driver in a variety of formats , including three dimensional maps , and essential vehicle data . <p> I mean , that sounds cool and all , but it also seems kind of hilarious that the press release is treating this very virtual car that does not even exist in prototype form as if it were a real thing . <p> The car will be available at the start of November for all you rabid gamers out there who ca n't wait to get your hands on another Gran Turismo game ."
"<p> The Winds of Winter release could be delayed even further , and it sounds like extraterrestrials and TV ratings are to blame . <p> Almost six years have passed since A Dance with Dragons , the fifth novel in George R.R. Martin 's A Song of Ice and Fire series , was released . Still , fans continue to wait for The Winds of Winter , the highly anticipated next installment , the deadline for which has already been pushed back twice . <p> Fans have been very vocal about their impatience and have frequently goaded Martin into committing to a definite release date for The Winds of Winter . In a comment on his Not A Blog in January , he said that he thinks Winds of Winterwill be out this year but admitted that that 's also what he thought in 2016 . <p> With the recent announcement about HBO 's upcoming Game of Thrones spinoffs , A Song of Ice and Fire fans have become concerned that the Winds of Winter release will be pushed back some more . <p> In a comment on a recent @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ delaying his progress on The Winds of Winter is n't writer 's block , as many have suggested , but a case of "" having too much to do . "" <p> "" I do n't need rest . I just need more hours in the day . "" <p> Incredibly , another major project is using up even more of George R.R. Martin 's time , taking him away from his work on The Winds of Winter . On Thursday , SyFy announced that the Game of Thrones author has begun work on Nightflyers , a new series for the network . <p> Nightflyers is also the title of a 1980 novella and of a 1985 short story collection ( both by Martin ) , as well as a 1987 sci-fi horror flick based on the novella . SyFy 's Nightflyers will be produced by Doug Liman , the producer/director behind Edge of Tomorrow and the Bourne films . <p> SyFy has yet to announce a cast or a release date for its new series but has shared a description for the series . <p> "" Set in the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ crew of explorers journey on the most advanced ship in the galaxy , The Nightflyer , to intercept a mysterious alien spacecraft that might hold the key to their survival . As the crew nears their destination , they discover that the ship 's artificial intelligence and never-seen captain may be steering them into deadly and unspeakable horrors deep in the dark reaches of space . "" <p> As though working on a new series is n't enough work , Martin will also soon be busy developing some of the Game of Thrones spinoffs HBO has lined up . According to Entertainment Weekly , there will be four spinoffs that will "" explore different time periods of George R.R. Martin 's vast and rich universe . "" <p> The Game of Thrones spinoffs are being developed by screenwriters Brian Helgeland ( Mystic River ) , Max Borenstein ( Kong : Skull Island ) , Jane Goldman ( Kingsman : The Secret Service ) , and Carly Wray ( Mad Men ) . Martin will be working on Wray and Goldman 's spinoffs . Not much is known about these upcoming @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ be an adaptation of Martin 's stories about the characters Dunk and Egg , who lived before the events in HBO 's Game of Thrones . <p> On top of his work on SyFy 's Nightflyers and on the Game of Thrones spinoffs , the Winds of Winter author is also working on digests of A Song of Ice and Fire stories , doing promotional work for his books and Game of Thrones , writing and publishing other projects , blogging , and various other tasks . <p> In January 2016 , after blowing a second deadline for The Winds of Winter , Martin wrote a Not A Blog post informing his fans that he 's done setting deadlines for himself . <p> "" The deadlines just stress me out . "" <p> "" I am going back to my stance from last March , before all this , "" he said . <p> "" It will be done when it 's done . And it will be as good as I can possibly make it . "" <p> Whether or not George R.R. Martin will manage to release The @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ will nonetheless continue to hold out hope . In the meantime , Game of Thrones Season 7 debuts July 16 on HBO ."
"<h> TMCnet News <p> Award-winning cybersecurity firm Resecurity , Inc. recently announced its corporate membership with AFCEA , the leading professional association for advanced knowledge-sharing and technical collaboration across multiple industries , including cyber defense , artificial intelligence , electronic warfare , and critical IT infrastructure . This powerful new connection will enable Resecurity to network directly with government agencies , the military , and other professional organizations to better protect global businesses and nations against the most advanced and complex cyber threats . <p> With 140 chapters worldwide , comprising 1600 corporate members and over 30,000 individual members , AFCEA is uniquely positioned to offer valuable networking opportunities that give industry leaders the ability to learn from other experts while offering their own advice and solutions to their fellow IT providers . This mutual collaboration strengthens global cyber defense strategies , better protecting critical classified government and military data . <p> In addition to collaboration and networking , AFCEA also offers cybersecurity professionals the opportunity to maintain their credentials by attending AFCEA learning sessions . These events are approved by AFCEA partners such as CompTIA ( News - Alert ) , GIAC , and CertNexus . AFCEA memberships @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to large enterprises . Through this corporate membership , Resecurity positions itself as a partner with other cyersecurity leaders , working together to share knowledge about the latest threats seen in the wild . <p> Resecurity is a leading provider of strategic cybersecurity solutions and intelligence for risk assessment , intrusion detection and prevention , and threat analysis with a focus on ecosystem protection . Rather than emphasizing only one element of an enterprise 's dynamic ecosystem , Resecurity covers all domains , including employees and executives , network infrastructure , publicly-facing services and apps , the Cloud environment , and supply chain and third-party risk . This ensures maximum protection and coverage for an enterprise . <p> The global black market contains numerous zero-day threats used against governments and enterprise networks . Resecurity works to stop these threats by empowering organizations with advanced tools and protocols that make it easier for IT staff to recognize and contain an ongoing attack . In addition to its Risk and Context platforms ( PaaS ) , Resecurity also provides APT ( News - Alert ) ( Advanced Persistent Threat ) emulation , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ digital crime investigations , and virtual CISO services . <p> Resecurity 's second line of defense in the battle against cybercrime is its elite internal HUNTER unit . This highly experienced multi-national team of cyber intelligence-gathering experts and security-sector R&amp;D specialists from more than 16 countries is an interdisciplinary unit that actively supports the Resecurity platform , enhancing its effectiveness . By continuously providing advanced , data-driven threat intelligence in real-time , this specialized unit further enables Resecurity 's technology to offer today 's enterprises complete ecosystem protection from new ( zero-day ) vulnerabilities . It also allows the company to deliver highly effective national security solutions to government agencies around the world , preventing data breaches and deterring cyber espionage . <p> The company 's new corporate membership with AFCEA International -- headquartered in Fairfax , VA -- as well as its concurrent membership in the Association 's Rome chapter will expand its reach still further , giving Resecurity an additional platform for sharing the organization 's extensive professional experience with fellow cybersecurity experts . Shared information is key in helping enterprises that are struggling to protect their data @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ threat types that proliferate in the wild . The industry has long relied on collaboration , and AFCEA provides a unique opportunity for aligning the similar interests and shared goals of these experienced professionals . <p> Resecurity is honored to share its own expertise with other cybersecurity professionals to strengthen global defenses and keep the private and public sectors more secure against cybercriminals and state-sponsored attackers . <p> Resecurity CEO Gene Yoo explains : "" Unfortunately , the threats are always changing , and criminals are continually trying new techniques to avoid detection . Fortunately , security researchers are also doing their own work to stay up to date with the techniques and tactics the cybercriminals are using . """
"<h> Expanding cyberthreats on mind of America 's Role in the World panel <p> The cyberthreats that could have influenced an election and have certainly dominated the news in the last few years have fertile ground for growth . At Indiana University 's fourth annual America 's Role in the World conference , a panel of security experts on the panel titled "" National Security Challenges 2020 "" forecasted several potential dangers that could build upon the internet-based attacks we 've recently seen . <p> "" The authoritarian toolkit , mainly by managing and owning and mining and controlling the digital space , is becoming more sophisticated . It 's becoming harder to control and get our heads around , "" said Lucas Kello , who directs Oxford University 's Centre for Technology and Global Affairs . "" To me , when I think forward to when we have this conference 25 years from now , that will probably be the most profound threat we are going to look back on that we 've either faced or not . "" <p> While Russia continues to be a worry in its political cyberthreats , the panelists agreed that China is @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ create havoc in the virtual space . <p> View print quality imageThe auditorium in the School of Global and International Studies Building was packed during many of the panels at the fourth annual America 's Role in the World conference.Photo by Anna Powell Teeter <p> While Russia continues to be a worry in its political cyberthreats , the panelists agreed that China is lurking with a great potential for expanding its ability to create havoc in the virtual space . <p> "" With China , a decade ago , the rap was that they were not particularly good at innovating ; they were just very good at copying , "" said Derek Chollet , executive vice president and senior advisor for security and defense policy at the German Marshall Fund of the United States . Chollet served in the White House of President Barack Obama as well as in the State Department , and also as the assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs at the Pentagon . "" Now , when it comes to AI or quantum computing , they are innovating , and they are leading the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ artificial intelligence -- and this is an area where we are playing from behind . "" <p> Chollet said China expects to gain advantage in this area for military purposes , making it harder for the U.S. to protect allies and interests in the Asia Pacific . <p> Like Russia , China has a built-in authoritarian system that is highly evolved for its domestic information control . In that way , it could emulate the Russian methods of recent years . <p> "" What worries me is that these capabilities will be transferred to applications abroad , "" Kello said . "" So I can imagine easily , as the geopolitical tensions between China and the West -- perhaps especially the United States -- intensify over the coming years and decades , there will be a greater perceived need or gain in Beijing to use cyberspace to disrupt and weaken Western political systems , taking more than one page from the Russian manual of information warfare . "" <p> And as the Chinese have gained in skill , they are taking over the standard for security operations . Juliette Kayyem @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Department of Homeland Security under President Obama , is now Belfer Lecturer in International Security at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government and faculty director of the Homeland Security Project . She said the current U.S. pullback from worldwide leadership provides a clear opportunity for China to set standards that could make the U.S. more vulnerable . <p> "" So just thinking about our decision to withdraw -- from not just criticizing NATO or the UN , but literally withdrawing from ( worldwide security leadership ) that table-setting that has protected us remarkably from this borderless threat front , "" Kayyem said . "" China will come in . "" <p> What is clear is that China is moving forward and trying to reach to far more advanced areas of technology , said Christopher Kojm , professor of practice at the Elliott School of International Affairs at George Washington University . Kojm was deputy director of the 9/11 Commission and senior advisor to the Iraq Study Group following years as a staffer on the House Foreign Affairs Committee and deputy assistant secretary of state in the Bureau of Intelligence and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ quantum computing , it will be a level of computing power that will far exceed anything that we have today , "" Kojm said . "" It has direct military applications that can defeat stealth technology and can find submarines hidden in the ocean . Let 's be clear : Some of this is quite speculative , and China is putting quite a bit of money into quantum computing , as is the United States , and we do n't know where they are in their development . But certainly over the time horizon of the next 10 to 20 years , it could make an enormous difference in the safety and security of this country and the strategic balance as we know it . "" <p> This vision of a new future also made one panelist reflective of the not-so-distant past . As technology races forward , it has brought a new reality that brings cyberthreats closer to all countries . "" If you 're the craziest person out of 1 million people , we now have the means for getting you in touch with the 380 Americans who @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's just in the United States , "" said Tod Lindberg , a professor of practice at the Hamilton Lugar School at IU and a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute . <p> "" This horror in New Zealand is unthinkable in the absence of digital media and social media , "" Lindberg said . "" It enabled it . It was broadcast . This is new . We had a capacity -- we did n't even realize it was a capacity -- to keep extreme fringe views apart , and it 's gone . """
"<p> In the early days of Amazon , Jeff Bezos instituted a rule : every internal team should be small enough that it can be fed with two pizzas . The goal was n't to cut down on the catering bill . It was , like almost everything Amazon does , focused on two aims : efficiency and scalability . The former is obvious . A smaller team spends less time managing timetables and keeping people up to date , and more time doing what needs to be done . But it 's the latter that really matters for Amazon . <p> The thing about having lots of small teams is that they all need to be able to work together , and to be able to access the common resources of the company , in order to achieve their larger goals . <h> Bezos 's empire : how Amazon became the world 's biggest retailer <p> Read more <p> "" You can add new product lines without adding new internal structure or direct reports , and you can add them without meetings and projects and process in the logistics and e-commerce platforms , "" Evans notes . "" You do n't need to fly to Seattle and schedule a bunch of meetings to get people to implement support for launching makeup in Italy , or persuade anyone to add things to their roadmap . "" <p> Amazon is good at being an e-commerce company that sells things , but what it 's great at is making new e-commerce companies that sell new things . <p> The company calls this approach its "" flywheel "" : it takes the scale that can smother a typical multinational , and uses it to provide an ever-increasing momentum backing up its entire business . The faster the flywheel spins , and the heavier it is , the harder it is for anyone else to stop it . <p> Perhaps the best example of that approach in action is the birth and growth of AWS ( previously called Amazon Web Services ) . That 's the division of Amazon that provides cloud computing services , both internally and for other companies -- including those that are competitors to Amazon in other areas ( both Netflix and Tesco use the platform , for instance , despite Amazon also selling streaming video and groceries ) . <p> It started , like so many things at Amazon , with an edict from the top . Every team , Bezos ordered , should begin to work with each other only in a structured , systematic way . If an advertising team needed some data on shoe sales to decide how best to spend their resources , they could not email analytics and ask for it ; they needed to go to the analytics dashboard themselves and get it . If that dashboard did n't exist , it needed to be created . And that approach needed to cover everything . <p> From there , it was almost an afterthought to take the obvious next step , and let others use the same technology that Amazon made available internally . <p> Those humble beginnings spawned a beast . The business is now 10% of Amazon 's overall revenue , making so much money that financial regulations forced the company to report it as a top-level division in its own right : Amazon divides its company into "" US and Canada "" , "" International "" , and "" AWS "" . <p> AWS is large enough that it is dealt with on the same tier as the entire rest of the world . AWS is large enough that Netflix , a company that accounts for around a third of all internet traffic in North America , is just another customer . <h> Jeff Bezos v the world : why all companies fear ' death by Amazon ' <p> Read more <p> AWS is large enough that in 2016 the company released the "" Snowmobile "" , a literal truck for moving data . The companies that work with AWS move so much information around that sometimes the internet simply can not cope . So now , if you want to upload a lot of data to Amazon 's cloud , the company will drive a truck to your office , fill it with data , then drive it back . If you need to upload 100 petabytes -- that 's roughly 5m movies in 4k with surround sound -- it turns out there 's no quicker way to do it than driving it down the freeway at 75mph . <p> While AWS saw Amazon open up its internal technology to external customers , another part of the company does the same trick with Amazon 's actual website . <p> Amazon Marketplace launched in 2000 , allowing third-party sellers to put up their own wares on the site . The feature has expanded over the years to become a major plank in the company 's quest to be the "" everything store "" -- the one destination on the internet you need to go to to buy anything in existence . <p> Marketplace goes one better than the pizza rule , allowing Amazon to expand into new sectors without needing to employ a single extra employee . <p> The variety of things sold on Amazon is now so huge that its internal computer scientists faced a problem . "" E-commerce companies such as Amazon ... process billions of orders every year , "" a team of Amazon researchers wrote . "" However , these orders represent only a small fraction of all plausible orders . "" The solution ? Train an artificial intelligence purely to generate plausible fake orders , to better guess how to market brand-new products . <p> Amazon reports the revenue it makes from Marketplace as around 20% of the company 's total income . But that metric , which only counts the fees paid to the company by third-party sellers , understates the colossal scale of the business . "" Marketplace is now around half of the total volume of goods sold through Amazon , "" estimates Andreessen Horowitz 's Evans . "" In other words , Marketplace means that Amazon handles ( but does not , incidentally , itself set prices for ) double the share of e-commerce that it reports as revenue . "" <p> Increasingly , then , Amazon resembles less a big-box retailer such as Tesco or Walmart , hovering at the edge of town sucking up commerce and killing the local high street , and more a shopping mall : independent retailers can exist , and even make a tidy living , but only if they get a slot in the mall itself -- and if they always remember that the real moneymaker is the landlord . <p> Since 2014 , Amazon has added a third flywheel to its business : artificial intelligence . The company has always been near the leading edge of the industry , most obviously in its neural-network-powered recommendation algorithms . But , until recently , that approach was scattershot , segmented , and hardly world-class ( think of the last time you bought something on Amazon only to have it recommended to you for weeks afterwards . "" You like duvets ? Why not buy 10 more ? "" ) . <p> That changed when the company decided to build the hardware that would become the Echo . In classic Amazon fashion , it started at the end and worked backwards from there , writing a "" press release "" for the notional future product and then trying to figure out what expertise needed to be developed -- or bought -- to make it . Need a personal assistant ? Buy Cambridge-based True Knowledge , once working on a Siri competitor , and you get Alexa . Require far-field voice recognition , letting you hear people on the other side of the room ? Start working on that now , because no one 's really cracked the problem . <p> Institutionally , the bulk of the Alexa AI team still sits under AWS , using its infrastructure and offering another tranche of digital services to third parties who want to build speech control into their devices . But the economies of scale that come to AI are unique . There 's the value to the data , of course : the more people use an Echo , the more speech samples it has to train with , and so the better the Echo becomes . And beyond that , machine learning technologies are so fundamental , and so general purpose , that every advancement Amazon makes ricochets throughout its business , increasing efficiency , opening up new fields , and suggesting further avenues of research . <h> The age of Amazon : a closeup examination of Bezos 's behemoth <p> Read more <p> But nothing lasts forever , and even Amazon has its weak points . The two-pizza rule , for instance , may be a good strategy for building an infinitely expandable company , but it does n't lend itself to a pleasant , stress-free working environment . <p> Where Amazon differs from companies such as Deliveroo , Apple and Facebook is that the highly skilled employees sitting in the headquarters have almost as many complaints . <p> A New York Times expos ? from 2015 described employees crying at their desks and suffering near-breakdowns from the pressure they were put under . The company 's rapid employee turnover is legendary , with insiders describing a sort of Forth Bridge of technical debt : someone leaves , and someone else has to rewrite all their code to make it understandable to the people still there -- but by the time the rewrite is finished , the person doing the rewriting has also left , requiring someone else to start the whole process again . <p> But the one thing that 's been true from day one is that Jeff Bezos sits at the top of the food chain , with direct control of a $740bn ( ? 530bn ) business matched by few other bosses . It would take a bold gambler to bet against the company right now ."
"<h> Google currently employs 1,500 people in Canada . <p> Google is planning to more than triple its Canadian workforce over three years , as the technology giant steps up hiring at its Stadia gaming studio as well as for cloud computing and artificial intelligence projects . <p> The Alphabet Inc. unit , which currently employs 1,500 people in the country , said Thursday it will expand offices in Montreal , Toronto and Waterloo , Ontario . The moves would increase its staff in Canada to 5,000 people by the end of 2022 . <p> "" There 's a lot of momentum in Canada , "" said finance chief Ruth Porat in an interview at Google 's Toronto office . She said the company has been expanding its workforce outside of the San Francisco Bay Area faster than near its home base . <p> Google had nearly 119,000 workers world-wide as of Dec. 31 , having boosted its head count by 20% from a year earlier . Ms. Porat has said adding staff to Google 's Cloud business was the biggest driver of employment growth companywide , and that total employment is likely to grow at a faster rate @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a new office in Waterloo , just outside of Toronto . It will accommodate as many as 3,000 employees , who will work on global initiatives such as selling cloud-computing services to clients in health care , aiming to store data and develop software for hospitals . Google has about 1,000 employees in its existing Waterloo office . <p> Ms. Porat said Thursday that Google sees opportunities in merging knowledge from the cloud health-care group with the artificial intelligence team in Toronto , where the number of employees could jump to 1,000 from 400 . Toronto is the center for a Google Brain artificial intelligence research program headed by University of Toronto professor Geoffrey Hinton , a renowned computer scientist . <p> Canada has become a magnet for tech companies . Google joins Microsoft Corp. , Amazon.com Inc. and Intel Corp . in building out operations in major Canadian cities . They have been attracted by a deep pool of educated labor , more-liberal immigration policies than the U.S. , and cultural similarities between the two countries . Developers and engineers in Canada also command lower salaries than those working @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> Google said it plans to add as many as 800 employees in Montreal by 2022 . It employs roughly 200 in the city currently . <p> Google unveiled Stadia last year , introducing a way for people to play high-quality games online without a console . Like Microsoft and a handful of others , the tech company is trying to move into so-called cloud gaming , in which games are streamed over the internet rather than on a player 's own hardware . With Stadia , players can stream games on computers and Google Pixel phones , as well as TVs , using a Chromecast Ultra Device . The company said subscribers will be able to play games on more devices later this year . <p> The global videogame market generated an estimated $148.8 billion in revenue last year , according to research firm Newzoo BV . Google already has a significant presence in mobile gaming through its Google Play store for Android devices . Last year , the company launched a subscription service called Play Pass that gives access to games and other apps on the store @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ service for its App Store ."
"<h> Please help us continue to provide you with free , quality journalism by turning off your ad blocker on our site . <h> Thank you for signing in . <p> If this is your first time registering , please check your inbox for more information about the benefits of your Forbes account and what you can do next ! <p> I agree to receive occasional updates and announcements about Forbes products and services . You may opt out at any time . <p> I 'd like to receive the Forbes Daily Dozen newsletter to get the top 12 headlines every morning . <p> Forbes takes privacy seriously and is committed to transparency . We will never share your email address with third parties without your permission . By signing in , you are indicating that you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . <h> Apple Reveals How Its Best Security Feature Could Get A Major Boost <p> A new Apple patent reveals how the iPhone maker could add a cool biometric to Face ID , vein recognition . The move could see an even greater shift away from passwords . <p> A new Apple patent reveals @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Face ID , vein ... + recognition . The move could see an even greater shift away from passwords . <p> Getty Images <p> Apple 's Face ID is a useful tool to securely authenticate yourself to your iPhone quickly . It 's pretty accurate and secure , as far as facial recognition goes , but even Apple admits it is vulnerable to the so-called "" evil twin , "" where your iPhone will authenticate someone who looks like you . <p> But now it looks like Apple has found a way to thwart this type of attack . A new patent reveals how vein recognition could be coming to an iPhone near you at some point soon . <p> Spotted by Patently Apple , vein recognition adds a new level of sophistication to the process of authenticating your face on your iPhone . This is because it is very hard to replicate the unique pattern of veins that exists under the surface of your skin . <p> The patent , titled "" vein matching for difficult biometric authentication cases "" notes that sometimes Face ID can fail to distinguish @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's albeit very low false false positive rate in these cases , the iPhone maker wants to introduce additional authentication processes . <p> The new patent covers Face ID with subepidermal imaging and a type of AI , machine learning that Apple will use to tell the difference between similar looking faces , including twins . Patently Apple includes the captured subepidermal image detailing veins in a person 's face , which would be used to identify a person . <p> I 'm a freelance cybersecurity journalist with over a decade 's experience writing news , reviews and features . I report and analyze breaking cybersecurity and privacy <p> ... <p> I 'm a freelance cybersecurity journalist with over a decade 's experience writing news , reviews and features . I report and analyze breaking cybersecurity and privacy stories with a particular interest in cyber warfare , application security and data misuse by the big tech companies . In addition to Forbes , you can find my work in Wired , The Times , The Economist and The Guardian . Contact me at **35;1252;TOOLONG"
"<h> Do n't Miss <p> The American economy sits on the verge of major structural change , thanks to a dynamic culture of innovation driven by the never-ending search for greater profits . This means technology takes center stage in nearly every industry . The technology that makes our lives easier may soon make some jobs scarce . In 1950 , the job of elevator operator was among the 270 careers listed on the United States Census . That job title is now extinct , representing the only known case of an entire occupation being obliterated by automation in the 50 years that followed . The next half-century may be less forgiving . Sophisticated software , robotics , automation , artificial intelligence ( AI ) , and changing trends are threatening the livelihoods of everyone from taxi drivers and restaurant servers to computer programmers and librarians . Many economists predict that automation , not outsourcing , will lead to the loss of more than 1.5 million jobs in America 's manufacturing sector . These technical innovations will soon render many longstanding skills and trades obsolete -- and the occupational grim reaper will discriminate according to class . Many of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ well-paying jobs one can get with only a high school diploma . Low-paying , unskilled jobs with low educational entry barriers are most susceptible to automation . These are the jobs that robots will do . Manufacturing will require greater technical skills to operate and program computers . The actual manual work will go the way of the dodo . Those who lose their jobs will largely be shut out of the high-paying , highly skilled jobs that remain , many of which will go to specialists tasked with tending to and improving upon the very machines and programs that replaced the human workers . Here 's a look at high-risk careers that will probably wilt over the next 50 years . You might not exist : Jobs with the highest divorce rates Visit thestacker.com for similar lists and stories ."
"<h> Devitrification demystified : Scientists show how glass crystallizes in real-time <p> Glass is amorphous in nature -- its atomic structure does not involve the repetitive arrangement seen in crystalline materials . But occasionally , it undergoes a process called devitrification , which is the transformation of a glass into a crystal -- often an unwanted process in industries . The dynamics of devitrification remain poorly understood because the process can be extremely slow , spanning decades or more . <p> Now , a team of researchers led by Rajesh Ganapathy , Associate Professor at the Jawaharlal Nehru Center for Advanced Scientific Research ( JNCASR ) , in collaboration with Ajay Sood , DST Year of Science Chair and Professor at the Indian Institute of Science ( IISc ) , and their Ph.D . student Divya Ganapathi ( IISc ) has visualized devitrification for the first time in experiments . The results of this study have been published in Nature Physics . <p> "" The trick was to work with a glass made of colloidal particles . Since each colloidal particle can be thought of as a substitute for a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the atom , its dynamics can be watched in real-time with an optical microscope . Also , to hasten the process we tweaked the interaction between particles so that it is soft and rearrangements in the glass occurred frequently , "" says Divya Ganapathi . <p> In order to make a glass , Divya Ganapathi and the team jammed the colloids together to reach high densities . The researchers observed different regions of the glass following two routes to crystallization : an avalanche-mediated route involving rapid rearrangements in the structure , and a smooth growth route with rearrangements happening gradually over time . <p> To gain insights into these findings , the researchers then used machine learning methods to determine if there was some subtle structural feature hidden in the glass that apriori decides which regions would later crystallize and through what route . Despite the glass being disordered , the machine learning model was able to identify a structural feature called "" softness "" that had earlier been found to decide which particles in the glass rearrange and which do not . <p> The researchers then found that regions @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ softness "" values were the ones that crystallized and that "" softness "" was also sensitive to the crystallization route . Perhaps the most striking finding emerging from the study was that the authors fed their machine learning model pictures of a colloidal glass and the model accurately predicted the regions that crystallized days in advance . "" This paves the way for a powerful technique to identify and tune ' softness ' well in advance and avoid devitrification , "" says Ajay Sood . <p> Understanding devitrification is crucial in areas like the pharmaceutical industry , which strives to produce stable amorphous drugs as they dissolve faster in the body than their crystalline counterparts . Even liquid nuclear waste is vitrified as a solid in a glass matrix to safely dispose it of deep underground and prevent hazardous materials from leaking into the environment . <p> The authors believe that this study is a significant step forward in understanding the connection between the underlying structure and stability of glass . "" It is really cool that a machine learning algorithm can predict where the glass is going to crystallize @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ could be the initial step for designing more stable glasses like the gorilla glass on mobile phones , which is ubiquitous in modern technology , "" says Rajesh Ganapathy . The ability to manipulate structural parameters could usher in new ways to realize technologically significant long-lived glassy states . <p> Citation : Devitrification demystified : Scientists show how glass crystallizes in real-time ( 2020 , September 8 ) retrieved 9 September 2020 from https : **39;0;TOOLONG ... This document is subject to copyright . Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research , no part may be reproduced without the written permission . The content is provided for information purposes only . <h> E-mail the story <h> Devitrification demystified : Scientists show how glass crystallizes in real-time <h> Note <p> Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email . Neither your address nor the recipient 's address will be used for any other purpose . The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form . <p> Your message @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ delivered to your inbox . You can unsubscribe at any time and we 'll never share your details to third parties . <h> Your Privacy <p> This site uses cookies to assist with navigation , analyse your use of our services , and provide content from third parties . By using our site , you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use ."
"<h> Lu Weibing Talks About Under-Screen Camera Technology <p> OPPO 's Shen Yiren said earlier this month when preheating OPPO Find X 2 that he would consider mass production . So there is a high probability that the in-screen camera will not be installed . Today , Redmi 's Lu Weibing also talked about the under-screen camera technology publicly . He stated that with the current technical capabilities , they could not find an effective solution that combines display functions and camera functions . There is still a long way to go to achieve mass production . <p> Lu Weibing said that the application of CUP ( Camera Under Panel ) on smartphones can achieve the real full-screen effect without sacrificing space . But there are still many difficulties in the current technology implementation . Simply put , it is the contradiction between the screen 's PPI and transmittance . <h> Why There Is No Chance for Under-Screen Camera 's Mass Production ? <p> The current screen PPI is about 400 . And at this level of pixel density , the light transmittance in the camera is very low . This seriously affects the photo effect . If the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ will be a large gap between the PPI in the camera area and the PPI of the entire screen . In its turn , this will cause phenomena such as color patches in the camera area . <p> Therefore , with current technical capabilities , it is impossible to find an effective solution that takes into account both display effects and camera effects . Although Xiaomi released CUP-based technology in 2019 , it is still far from achieving mass production . <p> Not long ago , Vision and the Terminal Lab of China Academy of Information and Communication Technology jointly released a white paper entitled ' Observation and Trend Analysis of Smartphone Imaging Technology 2019 ' . The white paper believes that with the mature application of artificial intelligence technology in the field of smartphone photography , imaging technology has become one of the important indicators affecting smartphone sales . The white paper predicts that changes in the field of smartphone imaging applications in 2020 will mainly focus on AI algorithm chip-based acceleration products and the resumption of fingerprint recognition chips . <h> Argam Artashyan <p> Back in 2010 , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the university . This made him get another job at his friend 's digital marketing company as a blog writer . After a few years , when he was thinking the article writing is his mission , Google pushed the Panda update and affected the company and websites he was working at . ( Un ) fortunately and surprisingly , he got an offer to head a large knitting factory . In 2016 , he got his Ph.D . and resumed teaching at the University ... and writing tech-related articles following his passion ."
"<h> Workers of Silicon Valley , It 's Time to Organize <p> I get it . Your industry is under siege . Whether you work at an established giant like Facebook or Google , a private company like Uber or Palantir , or a lesser-known start-up , it feels like you 're being attacked from a thousand directions . People are comparing your companies to Big Tobacco , and Congress is accusing your executives of undermining democracy , poisoning users ' brains and censoring content . <p> All of a sudden , Silicon Valley -- once the golden child of American industry -- has become a villain . <p> Some of the backlash probably feels excessive . After all , the tech industry still creates useful things and employs lots of decent and ethical people . But I 've talked to a number of tech workers recently , and I 've seen you wrestling with your consciences . Some of you have stopped wearing your company T-shirts around town , fearing dirty looks from strangers . Others have taken extended vacations after a particularly shameful scandal , or asked for a transfer within a company . More than a few of you have had awkward conversations with your parents . <p> You are your employers ' most valuable assets , and your bosses are desperate to keep you happy . As tech companies take on increasingly vital roles in global commerce and culture , you have the power to shape the way they operate and the ethical standards they uphold . <p> In most industries , rank-and-file workers do n't have much say . The power of organized labor in America has been shrinking since the 1980s , and other than a few notable teachers ' strikes this year , large-scale collective action is rare these days . <p> But tech is different . Unlike factories or airlines , tech companies live and die on their ability to attract and retain top talent . A shortage of skilled workers has led to lucrative bidding wars , tipping the balance of power in workers ' favor . Because many of them are attracted to altruistic missions -- and unhappy or morally conflicted workers can easily find other jobs -- executives are compelled to listen to them . <p> "" Tech workers are the only point of leverage on these big companies , "" said Maciej Ceglowski , the founder of the social bookmarking service Pinboard . <p> Mr. Ceglowski , who has started an advocacy organization called Tech Solidarity , said that the typical instruments used to rein in corporate misbehavior -- customer boycotts , shareholder activism and outside regulation -- are n't likely to work on the largest Silicon Valley companies . <p> Instead , change at these companies will need to come from the inside . <p> "" Even a couple hundred employees working in concert could bring a site like Google to its knees , "" Mr. Ceglowski said . <p> Some tech workers are already starting to flex their muscles . Employees from large tech companies led an effort to oppose the travel ban announced by President Trump last year . And employees of Facebook , Google , Intel , Cisco and Stripe attended a demonstration at the headquarters of Palantir to protest the company 's development of surveillance technology for federal immigration enforcers . Just this month , more than 3,000 Google employees signed a letter objecting to the company 's involvement in a Pentagon program that could use artificial intelligence to improve the accuracy of drone strikes . <p> But these are just warm-up skirmishes . For maximum impact , tech workers will need to scrutinize not just their employers ' government ties , but their products , business models , and basic standards . And they 'll need to do it in public . <h> An error has occurred . Please try again later . <h> You are already subscribed to this email . <p> Recall what happened at Uber . Women inside the company complained for years about the problematic behavior of Travis Kalanick and other company leaders . But it was n't until Susan Fowler , a former Uber engineer , published her story of sexual harassment that things changed . <p> Without Ms. Fowler 's brave disclosure -- and her colleagues ' willingness to back her up after she went public -- it 's entirely possible that Mr. Kalanick would still be Uber 's chief executive and the company would still be run by boorish bros . <p> Typically , when workers speak out or organize , it 's because they want higher wages , better working conditions or stronger job security . Those are n't your problems . You probably work manageable hours in tastefully decorated buildings with free food , ergonomic desk furniture and plentiful amenities . Your compensation is generous . And you 're in little danger of being fired or retaliated against , especially if you 're part of a large group . <p> And that 's before we even get to the thorny ethical debates surrounding technologies like artificial intelligence , in which companies ' goals -- amass huge amounts of data to help train increasingly sophisticated machine learning models -- may be at odds with what 's good for society . <p> There are few signs that Washington is capable of policing the use of emerging technologies . And while companies like Google have formed their own A.I. ethics groups , those groups are ultimately powerless if executives decide to ignore their advice . <p> That leaves an opening for you . <p> "" It 's not clear where the pressure 's going to come from otherwise , "" said Leslie Berlin , a Stanford historian who has studied Silicon Valley 's labor culture . <p> Some tech workers are already making noise about unionizing , and service workers at several tech companies have already joined unions . But even if traditional labor unions do n't take hold in Silicon Valley , there are still plenty of avenues for influence . The Tech Workers Coalition , a group of hundreds of concerned industry employees , has chapters in San Francisco , Seattle and San Jose , and a group called Tech Action began meeting in New York this year . The Center for Humane Technology , a group of ex-tech workers , has been pushing for ethical product development . <p> These groups are still small , and none has produced concrete results yet . But they are early signs that greater political consciousness is stirring in the industry . <p> In a tech-dominated world , when the decisions made by a handful of Silicon Valley executives have the ability to reshape nations and transform billions of lives , there 's no better time to stand up . Together , you can encourage your employers to behave in ethical and humane ways , and blow the whistle publicly when they fall short . <p> Organizing yourselves to push for change is n't just a viable option -- it might be the only way out of this mess ."
"<p> "" It 's important for businesses to account for dynamic market shifts when setting prices , and ensure sales reps are equipped with reliable price guidance , "" said Zilliant Senior Vice President of Products and Science Pete Eppele . "" We welcome the opportunity to extend real-time , optimized price guidance , ensuring customers are well-positioned to quote with confidence and achieve their business goals . "" <p> "" The Zilliant CPQ Connector is a welcome addition to AppExchange , as they power digital transformation for customers by equipping them with price guidance to make informed pricing and quoting decisions , "" said Woodson Martin , GM of Salesforce AppExchange . "" AppExchange is constantly evolving to enable our partners to build cutting-edge solutions to drive customer success . "" <p> Additional Resources <p> Follow Salesforce CPQ on Twitter here <p> Follow Zilliant on Twitter here <p> Register for the August 4 webinar , "" Deliver Market-Aligned Price Guidance to Sales , "" hosted by Zilliant and featuring Salesforce here <p> Salesforce , AppExchange , Salesforce CPQ and others are among the trademarks of salesforce.com , Inc . <p> About ZilliantZilliant 's solutions help B2B companies solve @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ them to gain more strategic control of their business performance using an innovative blend of data science and software solutions . Our innovative cloud native platform and applications , paired with an outcome-focused dedication to customer success , gives company leaders the confidence and know-how to remain competitive now and in the future . Learn more about how Zilliant helps companies reimagine pricing and sales at www.zilliant.com . <p> About Salesforce AppExchangeSalesforce AppExchange , the world 's leading enterprise cloud marketplace , empowers companies to sell , service , market and engage in entirely new ways . With more than 5,000 solutions , 7.5million customer installs and 90,000 peer reviews , it is the most comprehensive source of cloud , mobile , social , IoT , analytics and artificial intelligence technologies for businesses . <p> View original content to download multimedia:https : **28;672;TOOLONG ... SOURCE Zilliant <p> Markets Insider and Business Insider Editorial Teams were not involved in the creation of this post ."
"<h> 3 of the Best Innovation Team Formulas ... and When to Ignore Them <p> Qmarkets is the leading provider of Idea &amp; Innovation Management software for enterprises from a wide range of business sectors and geographies . Inspired by the philosophy of "" The wisdom of the crowds "" , we generate value for organizations by allowing them to receive idea submissions from their employees , partners , or customers . This can be used to tackle a huge variety of different business challenges , from innovation , to process improvement , to NPD . <p> You 've heard this clich ? many times before : innovation is all about people . Even if you 're an avid fan of artificial intelligence , you hardly expect robots replacing humans as innovators any time soon . And if you agree with another popular clich ? , the one saying that innovation is a team sport , you will come to a natural conclusion that in order to pursue a corporate innovation project , you need to create a dedicated innovation team . <p> Do you need an innovation team @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ n't believe in structured innovation arguing that any "" structure "" kills creativity and stifles innovation . Even some innovation experts claim that "" innovation is everyone 's job . "" Actually this notion that "" innovation is everyone 's job "" is quite popular in many companies . Why ? Because it allows its leadership to adopt a hands-off approach to innovation process . It obviously takes time and effort to formulate the company 's innovation strategy , align it with corporate strategic goals and identify key problems to solve . In contrast , it 's so easy to just announce an open season for "" ideas , "" launch an innovation hackathon ( or two ) and then claim that the collective wisdom of the whole company has been harnessed . The popularization of this hands-off approach to innovation can be at least partially attributed to easy-to-use innovation management platforms , such as Qmarkets ' Q-open and Q-max which support on-the-ground innovation initiatives . <p> And yet , the majority of corporate innovation leaders do understand the need and value of creating a dedicated innovation team . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ take part in innovation projects , but it 's the ultimate responsibility of the innovation team to take ownership of the process : to make it efficient , measurable and accountable . Anyone with a glimpse of corporate experience knows that when "" everyone "" is responsible for something , no one is . <p> Innovative people for innovative teams <p> And here we come to a crucial question : how this innovation team should be formed ? Several approaches to addressing this question exist . <p> The first approach emphasizes the personal skills of the team members . That 's why you will often hear that the best way to staff your innovation team is to hire ... innovative people ; great advice , but unfortunately with limited practical value . This is not to say , however , that more specific directions are completely unavailable . For example , a recent publication lists five "" innovative "" qualities each member of the innovation team is supposed to possess : <p> Leapfrogging mindset : a desire to view the world with the goal of changing it <p> Complementary @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ technology or a new business model <p> Strategic relationships : the existence of a strong network of business partners <p> Ambiguity tolerance : the capacity to make decisions based on limited data <p> Optimistic persistence : the risk-taking mindset needed to persist through the tough times <p> Although I agree in principle with all five suggestions , I nevertheless suspect that the majority of corporate HR departments , even equipped with advanced Myers-Briggs-style tests , will have troubles with finding enough candidates meeting such a high standard . <p> Who is your partner ? <p> The second approach pays little attention to the individual skill sets of the team members , but it stresses the need of an optimal mix of individuals the team is composed of . In particular , this approach focuses on the functional roles each member of the team plays in the project . For example . For example , it was suggested that each innovation team should include nine innovation roles of which the most important are the following : <p> Revolutionary : team member generating and sharing ideas <p> Connector : team member @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ interactions with customers <p> Magic Maker : team member responsible for implementing developed ideas and solutions <p> Evangelist : team member creating a "" buzz "" around the organization about the project and its results <p> This approach is obviously much more practical than the first ; in fact , many organizations have already adopted the "" spirit "" ( if not the exact "" letter "" ) of this approach by having created innovation "" joint task forces "" composed of representatives from different corporate units and functions ( or locations , if appropriate ) : R&amp;D , sales and marketing , customer service , accounting , legal , HR , etc . <p> Implicit in the formation of an innovation team composed of members belonging to different parts of an organization is a belief that this team can only be successful if it includes people with diverse professional expertise and experience . In recent years , this concept of diversity was augmented by a growing body of scientific evidence ( summarized in a 2014 article in Scientific American ) showing that socially diverse groups ( that is @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and sexual orientation ) are more innovative than socially homogeneous groups . Research shows that socially diverse groups are better at solving complex problems not only because people with different backgrounds bring new information , but also because the mere presence of individuals with alternative viewpoints forces group members to work harder to get their own points across . <p> This is good news for HR managers in charge of innovation teams : in our rapidly globalizing workforce environment , finding people with diverse professional , personal and social attributes is much easier than chasing rare individuals with nebulous qualities such as the "" leapfrogging mindset "" . <p> It 's all about process <p> There is the third approach to the formation of innovation teams . This approach emphasizes not the team composition or individual skills of its member , but the way the team operates . The logic behind this approach was eloquently articulated in a 2015 article on Google . The article argues that the composition of a team matters much less for its success than how the team members interact , structure their work and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ set apart successful Google teams : <p> Psychological safety : team members taking risks without feeling insecure or embarrassed <p> Dependability : team members counting on each other to do high quality work <p> Structure &amp; clarity:the availability of clear goals , roles and execution plans for each team member <p> Meaning of work : team members working on something that is personally important for them <p> Impact of work : team members believing that their work matters <p> Characteristically , it is the first factor , psychological safety , which was by far the most important of the five . The safer team members felt with one another , the more likely they were to admit mistakes , to work together and take on new roles . All this obviously positively affected pretty much every aspect of their work . <p> The power of this particular example obviously derives from the fact that it comes from Google , arguably one of the world 's most innovative companies , for the very notion that innovation requires taking risks without fear of negative career repercussions is hardly new . We @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ often "" ( or even to "" celebrate failure "" ) as a surrogate invitation to innovate . Unfortunately , while voiceful in cheering risk-taking , relentless experimentation and learning from mistakes ( all being parts of the elusive "" culture of innovation "" ) , companies fail to introduce specific corporate policies that would encourage and reward such a behavior of their employees . <p> Previously , I proposed two such corporate policies . First , I proposed to make stock option grants , as opposed to cash bonuses and other monetary rewards , the principal incentive for engaging employees in innovation projects . This proposal is taking cue from a 2015 finding that companies offering stock options to non-executive employees were more innovative and that the positive effect of stock options on innovation was more pronounced with longer-term grants . Second , I proposed to place employees involved in innovation projects on fixed-term employment contracts , as opposed to employment-at-will . This proposal is based on a 2001 study showing that labor laws making it more difficult to fire employees increase their participation in corporate innovation activities @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of your employees with incentives to engage in innovation activities along with immunity for failed innovation projects . After you implemented these or similar policies , you may well discover that the number of qualified people in your organization is larger than you expected ."
"<h> Foursquare buys Placed from Snap Inc. on the heels of $150M in new funding <p> Foursquare just made its first acquisition . The location tech company has acquired Placed from Snap Inc. on the heels of a fresh $150 million investment led by The Raine Group . The terms of the deal were not disclosed . Placed founder and CEO David Shim will become president of Foursquare . <p> Placed is the biggest competitor to Foursquare 's Attribution product , which allows brands to track the physical impact ( foot traffic to store ) of a digital campaign or ad . Up until now , Placed and Attribution by Foursquare combined have measured more than $3 billion in ad-to-store visits . <p> Placed launched in 2011 and raised $13.4 million ( according to Crunchbase ) before being acquired by Snap Inc. in 2017 . <p> As part of the deal with Foursquare , the company 's Attribution product will henceforth be known as Placed powered by Foursquare . The acquisition also means that Placed powered by Foursquare will have more than 450 measureable media partners , including Twitter , Snap , Pandora and Waze . Moreover , more @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ or Foursquare . <p> It 's also worth noting that this latest investment of $150 million is the biggest financing round for Foursquare ever , and comes following a $33 million Series F last year . <p> Here 's what Foursquare CEO Jeff Glueck had to say about the financing in a prepared statement : <p> This is one of the largest investments ever in the location tech space . The investment will fund our acquisition and also capitalize us for our increased R&amp;D and expansion plans , allowing us to focus on our mission to build the world 's most trusted , independent location technology platform . <p> That last bit , about an independent location technology platform , is important here . Foursquare is 10 years old and has transformed from a consumer-facing location check-in app -- a game , really -- into a location analytics and development platform . <p> Indeed , when Glueck paints his vision for the company , he lists five key areas of focus : <p> You 'll notice that its consumer apps , Foursquare and Swarm , are at the bottom of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ technological and strategic advantage is n't in building the best social platform . In fact , Glueck said that more than 90% of the company 's revenue came from the enterprise side of the business . Foursquare 's advantage is in the accuracy of its technology , as afforded by the decade of data that has come from Foursquare , Swarm and the users who have expressly verified their location . <p> The Pilgrim SDK fits into that top item on the list : developer tools . The Pilgrim SDK allows developers to embed location-smart experiences and notifications into their apps and services . But it also expands Foursquare 's access to data from beyond its own apps to the greater ecosystem , yielding the data it needs to power analytics tools for brands and publishers . <p> With this acquisition , Placed will be able to leverage Foursquare 's existing map of 105 million places of interest across 190 countries , as well as tap into the measured U.S. audience of more than 100 million monthly devices : <p> Foursquare and Placed share a similar philosophy of building against @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ people to confirm the name of their location is the only way to know if your technology is accurate or not . Placed has leveraged over 135 million survey responses in its first-party Placed survey apps , all from consumers opted-in to its rewards app . Foursquare expands the truth set for machine learning exponentially by adding in our over 13 billion consumer confirmations . <p> The hope is that Foursquare is accurate enough to become the de facto location analytics and services company for measuring ad spend . With enough scale , that may allow the company to break into the walled gardens where most of that ad spend is going : Facebook and Google . <p> Of course , to win as the "" world 's most trusted , independent location technology platform , "" consumers have to trust the platform . After all , one 's location may be the most sensitive piece of data about them . Foursquare has taken steps to be clear about what its technology is capable of . In fact , at SXSW this year , Foursquare offered a limited run of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ view of real-time location data showing activity in the Austin area . <p> Here 's what executive chairman and co-founder Dennis Crowley had to say at the time : <p> We feel the general trend with internet and technology companies these days has been to keep giving users a more and more personalized ( albeit opaquely personalized ) view of the world , while the companies that create these feeds keep the broad "" God View "" to themselves . Hypertrending is one example of how we can take Foursquare 's aggregate view of the world and make it available to the users who make it what it is . This is what we mean when we talk about "" transparency "" -- we want to be honest , in public , about what our technology can do , how it works , and the specific design decisions we made in creating it . <p> With regards to today 's acquisition of Placed , Jeff Glueck had this to say : <p> Both companies also share a commitment to privacy and consumers being in control . Our Foursquare credo of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ company expands . We believe location should only be shared when consumers can see real value and visible benefits driven by location . We remain dedicated to elevating the industry through respect for transparency , user control , and instituting layers of privacy safeguards . <p> This new financing brings Foursquare 's total funding to $390.4 million ."
"<p> Year after year healthcare technology has helped increase physicians ' access to electronic health information , reduce medical errors during care episodes and lower the overall cost of care . With federal and state programs offering incentives to providers for health IT adoption , five areas of technology -- cloud , data exchange platforms , wearable technologies , data analytics and artificial intelligence -- will have the greatest effect on healthcare providers in the next five years . <h> Cloud services <p> Most cloud providers ' healthcare products now protect patients ' data , meet HIPAA and FDA Code of Federal Regulations Title 21 Section 11 compliance requirements , and deliver a wide variety of healthcare-specific , cloud-based services . Services such as infrastructure as a service to support hospital expansions , software as a service for EHRs and others will contribute to the growth of cloud adoption . Competition between cloud providers has pushed them to offer increasingly powerful functionality that adds value to health IT departments . When evaluating what cloud has to offer healthcare , IT executives commonly take notice of the following areas @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ storage options , as the growth of computing needs within healthcare continues . <p> Both physicians and patients must take steps to evaluate the technologies available to them and understand how they can derive value from them . <p> The cloud 's resiliency and high availability contribute to many experts ' belief that it 's a cost-effective alternative to an on-premises storage implementation . <p> Careful study of overall compliance and security . Many of the top service providers have made significant investments to ensure hackers ca n't penetrate their systems and have put backup capabilities in place in case of emergency . <p> Time : The cloud can provide almost immediate computing , storage and application services . <h> Data exchange platforms <p> An uptick in interoperability among systems is another reason care coordination has improved . The increased adoption of enhanced healthcare standards by EHR vendors and device manufacturers has helped data flow more efficiently among systems and devices . Examples of this include the way data from wearable technologies can be included in EHR systems , or the way providers using two different EHR systems can share patient @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ interested in tracking specific health information outside their doctor 's office . This desire has driven technology companies to create myriad wearable devices that are cost-effective and easy to use . The adoption of health and wellness devices that track consumer 's fitness activities , sleeping habits , body temperatures and heart rate has been significant . The popularity of these devices has caused many physicians to recognize the value wearable devices offer in capturing relevant patient health information . As this adoption of this trend continues to expand , more physicians will prescribe a set of wearable devices and mHealth apps to patients in need , forcing the industry to innovate and integrate these devices as part of the care episode . <h> Data analytics <p> With the growing volume of health data , many CIOs are banking on the potential of analytics tools . Developing a healthcare data analysis initiative has been a common strategic goal for many providers . The spike in available data will continue to be a driver for these initiatives . Information generated from end users in EHRs and from wearable devices will continue to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to healthcare data presents hospitals with an opportunity to increase care quality and achieve cost savings . <h> Artificial intelligence and virtual assistants <p> Consumers of smartphones today are already harnessing the power of virtual assistants . Apple 's Siri , Google Now , IBM 's Watson and Microsoft 's Cortana are a few of the virtual assistants with artificial intelligence available on mobile devices . From the voice of Google Now , consumers can receive a notification to take an alternate route to avoid heavy traffic , or Siri can notify them of the latest football scores . Cortana users can interact with native Microsoft apps through speech or get health advice from Watson on their smartphone . <p> These are all examples of how many of today 's systems offer an efficient and interactive experience for consumers and patients . Machine learning , natural language processing and cloud computing are opening the door to technological innovations that are changing how we interact with data . For patients , these benefits may manifest in the form of virtual wellness assistants or life coaches , or interactive digital systems that can @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Users and developers of telemedicine continue to receive significant incentives from federal and state entities . Typically , patients that reside in rural areas get more funding because they may not always have access to specialists within their area . Both patients and physicians are becoming far more comfortable using telemedicine technology as a way to communicate . This includes remote monitoring of patients while they are at home . Tools that will encourage collaborative patient care are becoming mainstream . An added bonus to the continued development of healthcare technology is the cost savings they can produce . <p> Looking ahead , healthcare will continue to face significant challenges . The industry will experience political and regulatory uncertainties , reimbursement cuts and increases in the instances of chronic diseases . The need for technology to combat these changes while enhancing care and reducing costs is paramount . Both physicians and patients must take steps to evaluate the technologies available to them and understand how they can derive value from them . <p> About the author : Reda Chouffani is vice president of development at Biz Technology Solutions Inc. , which @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ healthcare industry . Let us know what you think about the story ; email **27;59;TOOLONG contact @SearchHealthITon Twitter ."
"<h> How Blockchain-Based Digital Credentialing Impacts The World Of Work <p> We 're excited to share a sneak peek into a project that will help our customers and their employees better navigate the new world of work . <p> When we set out on this project , we looked at the enterprise landscape and saw a number of trends that created an opportunity for Workday to do what we do best -- innovate to help our customers move forward . The workforce is evolving , user expectations around privacy are growing , and new technologies like blockchain are becoming mature . At the intersection of these trends , Workday is setting out to build the world 's most advanced network of verified credentials , powered by a new blockchain-based digital credentialing platform . <p> First , what are credentials , and why are they so important ? Credentials can represent lots of different types of data -- skills , capabilities , degrees , professional certifications , completed learning courses , work experience , and more . They represent critical information about a person : we need them to get jobs , to prove who we are , what we @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> But there 's a problem with credentials . While the world of work has been transformed by technology , credentials have n't changed much -- today , they 're still largely offline and paper based , and verifying a credential often requires a lot of manual effort and time . With our new platform , Workday wants to change that by bringing credentials into the digital age . <p> This week , we began alpha testing this new blockchain-powered credentialing technology with attendees at Workday Altitude , our partner and services conference . This is the start of an exciting new journey for Workday and our customers , so let 's take a deeper look at the key trends I mentioned earlier and why we believe Workday and our credentialing platform is uniquely suited to help solve them . <h> New Workforce Demands <p> Credentialing is an HR process in dire need of an update -- the current verification process is manual , and it can take weeks to recruit and onboard workers . We 've heard from customers that they need a faster , more efficient way to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ properly credentialed and in compliance . <p> At the same time , there are changes in the workforce itself . It 's evolving to be more mobile , distributed , and diverse with different types of workers -- contractors , gig workers , salaried , and hourly -- and virtual team members are common in any global organization . All the while , organizations are facing talent shortages , and any friction in hiring or sourcing can mean costly delays in onboarding or losing good talent . <p> With our new platform , Workday wants to bring credentials into the digital age . <p> So how is Workday equipped to help our customers manage this with digital credentialing ? Simply put , it 's a natural progression because of our system architecture and massive data set . <p> Workday is our customers ' core system of record for HR , and has already digitized processes for recruiting , onboarding , learning , and compliance for a community of more than 39 million workers , including 40 percent of Fortune 500 organizations . Within that is a massive set of data @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ credentials , 70 million job applications , as well as employment records , salary history , certifications , training records , skills , licenses , and more . And for customers that opt in to our machine learning-driven skills cloud , a universal skills ontology that enables us to identify and classify skills , we could enhance data even further to verify skills . <h> New Privacy Expectations <p> The digital world is also evolving in terms of privacy . Partially in response to highly-publicized cases of consumer data misuse , there 's been increasing concern over how personal information is managed and exchanged . As a result , there 's more demand for technologies capable of ensuring individual privacy , and people expect more control over their digital information . <p> Privacy protections have been a fundamental component of Workday from the very beginning , and Workday is trusted by our customers as a steward of some of their most sensitive data . We 've specifically architected our digital credentials platform , combining blockchain with our strong privacy protections , to extend this trust to users , helping them @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ whom they share credentials , and organizations will have confidence in the credentials ' authenticity . <h> New Technologies and an Open Mindset <p> New technologies like blockchain , along with advancements in mobile security , have enabled Workday to imagine a new form of digital credential -- one that puts individuals in control of their data , and is portable , authentic , and secure . As credentials are issued by organizations and educational institutions , held by individuals , and shared with employers or prospective employers that need to verify them , blockchain provides a common trust layer , allowing each of these parties to independently verify their authenticity . As the common source of verification , blockchain enables data to move between parties , and its distributed ledger can prove that the data has not been modified and the credentials are still valid . This kind of credential creates a transparent , trustworthy , and reliable source of truth that is instantly authentic once shared . <p> We are also taking this blockchain application one step further with our approach to openness . Technology is most powerful @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ especially the case with blockchain . From the start of this project , open standards have been a core part of our vision . Workday is actively engaged with organizations like W3C and the Decentralized Identity Foundation ( DIF ) to ensure that credentials are compatible with other standards-based platforms . Developing our platform with open standards will enable the growth of a credentialing ecosystem , adding more value and opening up additional use cases for our customers and their employees over time . <h> A New Way -- Digital Credentialing in Practice <p> So , how does this play out in the world of work ? Let 's look at one healthcare scenario : <p> A nurse pursuing a new job typically updates their resume or fills out a job application , manually inputting credentials . After submitting , they may face a waiting period of a few weeks as the prospective employer verifies each and every license , certification , and work experience . Even after getting the job , ongoing verification is still needed to ensure compliance -- often requiring additional verification checks by the employer , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ license is still active . If the nurse falls out of compliance , it can lead to steep penalties for the employer , and unproductive time for that nurse . <p> As we look to the future , we envision a more frictionless credentialing process that looks a little like this : Using a trusted professional profile containing verified credentials , that same nurse could digitally apply for a new job , with their credentials being verified at the point of application . And , with education and licensing credentials being automatically updated over time , any additional proof regarding renewal or certification is already confirmed , eliminating the need for the employer to manually check a database or call the board for validation . The nurse 's credentials would act as the single source of truth : trusted , up-to-date , and instantly authentic . <p> This is just one example of how we believe digital credentials will transform the work and talent landscape in the future , which is why we could n't be more excited to kick off the initial round of platform testing with our services @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to hear their feedback and suggestions , and look forward to sharing more news later in 2019 . <p> This story was originally published on the Workday blog . For more stories like this , click here ."
"<h> The Siren Song of Strategic Autonomy <p> A recent report by the European Commission 's in-house think tank has called for Europe to aim for more "" strategic autonomy . "" But what may seem like an innocuous goal could easily take an economic-nationalist turn , with serious implications for world trade and the global economy . <p> BRUSSELS -- For over a year , US President Donald Trump 's protectionist war against China -- and his broader use of import tariffs to advance geopolitical objectives -- has been fueling anxiety about the future of world trade . But tariffs are only the tip of the iceberg of economic nationalism . If the world does n't navigate carefully , hidden hazards could sink the global trading system . <p> The United States has not found any followers in its aggressive use of tariffs . In developing countries , there is little pressure to implement similar measures , because so many firms manufacture globally , and even those that do not depend on global supply chains . And in developed economies , major sectors that struggled to cope with import competition in the past -- such as the clothing @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and no longer play an important role . This explains why US business leaders largely opposed Trump 's tariffs . It thus seems unlikely that the use of tariffs will spread beyond the US-China dispute . <p> Despite involving the world 's two largest economies , the tariff war seems to be petering out . Even the self-declared "" tariff man "" is starting to recognize the limits of this policy instrument . A growing body of evidence indicates that , contrary to most economists ' expectations , Chinese firms have increased their prices in line with tariffs , negating any benefit the US might reap from squeezing its suppliers . <p> Last month , the US and China reached a "" phase one "" deal that will , it is hoped , lead to an agreement that ends the trade war . But even if such an agreement is not forthcoming , the fallout for the global economy may not be as severe as many fear . After all , bilateral US-China trade amounts to about $700 billion -- less than 1% of global GDP . <p> Nonetheless , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ tariff saga . They recognize the deeper -- and far more serious -- risks generated by economic nationalism , the belief that national security is compromised when a country 's economy and military depend on imports . <p> The clearest example might be US fears of imports of products from China containing computer chips . But should all such imports be banned in the name of national security ? What about exports of computer chips or software ? Do they also threaten national security ? Judging by its decision to add the Chinese tech giant Huawei to the US Department of Commerce 's Entity List ( thereby prohibiting US firms from selling the company the components it needs ) , the Trump administration thinks so . <h> Subscribe now <h> Subscribe today and get unlimited access to OnPoint , the Big Picture , the PS archive of more than 14,000 commentaries , and our annual magazine , for less than $2 a week . <p> SUBSCRIBE <p> Of course , this is not lost on Chinese policymakers . They recognize that the US may cut off China 's access to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to stymie the development of its high-tech industries . And now , as part of the Made in China 2025 policy , they are working to make the country self-sufficient in key technologies . <p> The original motivation behind Made in China 2025 might have been economic : to ensure the growth of the high-tech sectors that will be vital to future competitiveness . But in the new geopolitical environment , the plan has mutated into strategic import substitution , which has never been an effective formula for sustained growth . <p> Such geostrategic efforts to reduce interdependence have a much greater and more far-reaching economic impact than bilateral tariffs , which at least create opportunities for other suppliers ( Vietnamese smartphone exports , for example , are booming ) . By contrast , the spillover effects of national-security measures are mostly negative . High-tech firms worldwide might soon have to choose between the Chinese and American markets . <p> But the risk of economic nationalism extends beyond the US and China to include the world 's largest trading bloc , the European Union . The EU was founded on @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ There was little economic logic in uniting France and Germany 's coal and steel industries . But the political logic was clear : with those vital sectors under a common authority , it would be materially impossible for either side to plan war against the other . <p> More recently , however , Europe seems to be taking a different tack , at least in relation to the other major powers . This shift is exemplified by a recent report by the European Commission 's in-house think tank , which called for Europe to aim for more "" strategic autonomy . "" <p> At first glance , it seems like an innocuous goal : if the EU wants to defend its values globally , it first needs to consolidate its own capacity to act . But this drive for strategic autonomy could easily take an economic-nationalist turn . Already , experts in foreign policy are leading the call for a European industrial policy that would have more than a little in common with Made in China 2025 . <p> Some might ask what 's wrong with that . If China @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ sectors for security reasons , Europe should be able to subsidize the domestic production of strategically significant technologies , such as 5G equipment and artificial intelligence . But such a subsidy race makes little sense , in economic or security terms . <p> Trade naturally creates mutual dependence . If Europe imports certain high-tech goods , it is likely to export others , including , perhaps , the machines to make those goods . When it comes to 5G equipment and software , for example , no single supplier can develop and produce all the necessary components . That is why the companies in this market have created a patent pool that enables them to use their rivals ' technology . <p> To be sure , there is a case for increasing investment in research and development , so that more European enterprises can participate in developing the technologies of tomorrow . But economic nationalism -- whether in the form of a subsidy race or an attempt to become self-sufficient in some technologies -- will do a lot more harm than good . <p> The trend towards what is called @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ when a country 's economy and military depend on imports , in some developed nations is a worrying development . The push towards a Europe-wide industrial policy is an example . <p> Of all the type of goods and services traded across national boundaries , none is more important strategically than the buying and selling of defence equipment . Consistent with its vision of a Global Britain trading freely with countries beyond the EU post-Brexit , the UK government is a notable exception to this economic nationalism . <p> Here is an example of its courageous and determined actions , in the face of considerable domestic opposition . <p> The severe financial crisis at the Ministry of Defence has forced it to adopt a zero-tolerance attitude towards persistent delays and cost overruns on defence procurement programmes which has , in turn , seen it go for off-the-shelf purchases to satisfy its military equipment needs -- in the shape of orders for the P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft , Apache AH-64E attack helicopters , MQ-9B Protector armed drones , the E-7 Wedgetail airborne early warning and control aircraft , and now @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ -- the latter two , after first having conducted a comprehensive market survey and then a comparative analysis of existing , in-service platforms . All of this equipment is being sourced from manufacturers of foreign origin . <p> Whereas the government will not come out and say so publicly , it has revised its defence procurement policy to consider buying , as its first and foremost priority , new military equipment which automatically falls in the off-the-shelf category -- specifically because an off-the-shelf equipment is a fully engineered and supported technical solution which satisfies the key user requirements at no additional cost or risk to the Exchequer , that is to say , it does not require any UK-specific modifications or related development work laden with risk to be performed upon it . <p> In so doing , this government has put financial security and the national interest first , not military equipment manufacturers ' commercial interests . <p> After being misled by UK-based defence equipment manufacturers with false promises and lies for several decades , this generation of elite politicians , senior civil servants , military top brass and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ there remains little appetite to consider any alternatives that may be put forward by these same dishonest suppliers . <p> Hitherto , MoD has had a policy of buying equipment designed to a tailored technical specification requirement set by the military customer -- which has , in itself , led to persistent delays and cost overruns on equipment procurement programmes because of the inability of its own people to identify , manage and control technical risks inherent in a starting-point for the technical solution that requires development work to be performed upon it . <p> This tragic situation has come about because it does not possess the capability in the form of intelligent and experienced procurement officials who have an adequate understanding of what it takes ( in terms of skill types , funding , tools , processes , materials , scheduled work plan , inter-business contractual agreements etc. ) to advance an immature technical solution from its existing condition , to a point where it will satisfy the technical specification requirement , within a Private Sector setting driven by the profit motive and people who instinctively employ unethical business @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ what the true status of the evolving technical solution is , based upon claims made by Contractors . The harsh truth is that , these people have no business acumen at all -- on account of not having spent a single day of their lives in the Private Sector and yet , they have been put in charge of spending taxpayers ' money to the tune of ? 15 billion per year to buy defence equipment , outsourced services and labour from the Private Sector . <p> Nor is the existing defence procurement process ( which has evolved over the years ) conducive towards delivering equipment to the Armed Forces which is fit for purpose , adequately sustained in-service and constitutes value for money through-life , because it has been tampered with by defence contractors ( most notably the Select Few ) who have skewed it decisively in their favour , at every turn . <p> The government 's considered assessment is that it is unlikely to accumulate an in-house capability of the desired quality and numbers anytime soon , certainly not in the foreseeable future . It has also @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to reconstitute the existing , flawed procurement process alongside the tough 2015 Spending Review commitments further complicated by Brexit , the effort on which has commandeered the brightest people in Whitehall and made the task of balancing the MoD 's budget even more difficult -- hence its preference for the off-the-shelf option . <p> Ironically , one of the most spectacular benefits to be derived from buying off-the-shelf equipment is that the leadership at MoD will be absolved from its burdensome responsibility of having to upskill its existing procurement staff to a level comparable with that exhibited by counterparts in industry , because this type of acquisition is relatively straightforward , and can even be undertaken by mediocre post holders with no business sense -- not least , because it is devoid of any hidden financial , technical or schedule risks . <p> It is believed that a quarter of the UK 's equipment procurement budget is currently being spent on buying off-the-shelf equipment . This slice is set to increase dramatically , as more and more projects which involve significant development work are side-lined in favour of off-the-shelf purchases. @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ not yet updated your first and last name . If you would like to update your name , please do so here . <p> Pin comment to this paragraph <p> After posting your comment , you 'll have a ten-minute window to make any edits . Please note that we moderate comments to ensure the conversation remains topically relevant . We appreciate well-informed comments and welcome your criticism and insight . Please be civil and avoid name-calling and ad hominem remarks . <p> In keeping with the adage that history does not repeat but rhymes , the decade from 2010 to 2020 ushered in a new age of disorder and distrust , just as the 1810s and 1910s did . Each era shows how unmet promises and unrealized hopes inevitably lead to disillusion and cynicism . <h> Log in/Register <p> Please log in or register to continue . Registration is free and requires only your email address . <p> Emailrequired <p> PasswordrequiredRemember me ? <p> Please enter your email address and click on the reset-password button . If your email exists in our system , we 'll send you an @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ note that the link will expire twenty-four hours after the email is sent . If you ca n't find this email , please check your spam folder ."
"<h> The artificial intelligence investment the government must make <p> The government 's highest priority investment in artificial intelligence needs to be its AI workforce . It is not adopting AI as quickly as the private sector , and potentially as quickly as our adversaries . Most government teams developing AI solutions we have met face high barriers when they begin a project . They include limited access to data sets , constrained system authorities , and less computing power than they need . As a result , projects are slower and more expensive than they might be , delaying the fielding of systems that can decrease costs , increase capabilities , and help improve national security . <p> An educated , trained , and empowered AI workforce can act as a catalyst , enabling the government to create and adopt AI capabilities far more quickly and effectively than it does now . If a workforce can manage data , purchase and maintain compute ; if domain knowledge and AI experts can work together , then it will create and adopt AI capabilities more quickly and more effectively . Just as importantly , a well-trained workforce will better understand @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , when to adapt commercial solutions to organizational needs , and when to develop custom software . Other priorities , such as internal projects , acquisition and contracting reform , and improving public-private partnerships will all improve faster and more effectively with an AI literate workforce . <p> Building an AI Workforce <p> The government needs to fix the hiring process for AI practitioners . AI practitioners that want to join the government often face long hiring processes , slow security clearance reviews , and human resource teams that struggle to read resumes filled with niche knowledge . As a result , world-class experts have been told they are under qualified to work in the government , or can only enter as a GS-5 . <p> Support staff play an important role , and often do n't receive the training and education they need . Even if the government puts a great deal of effort into developing a technical workforce , it will struggle if it does not have the lawyers , contracting officers , acquisition professionals , and human resource teams it needs . People in support roles help @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ data sharing agreements with the private sector , and build ethical frameworks . If they do not understand AI , the rest of the government 's AI efforts will struggle , and likely fail . <p> The government should also develop its own technical experts . While the government can purchase some AI capabilities , it needs its own technical experts to implement and update commercial solutions , and when necessary , to develop AI internally . To fill this need , the government should establish the ability to train its own technical workforce , just as it does with medical professionals , lawyers , and some engineers . <p> The last step we will mention is senior leader education . Senior leaders who do not directly participate in the development process still play an important role in the AI workforce . They create their organizations ' goals , allocate resources , make personnel policies , manage careers , and set the standards for how their subordinates will use AI-empowered systems . If they do not have the education or experience to make well-informed decisions , their organizations will suffer @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ by creating short courses , including artificial intelligence in continuing education requirements , ensuring internally developed leaders have opportunities to serve in emerging tech roles , and by valuing technical experience during the leader selection process . <p> The government is serious about discussing AI . It 's time to figure out if it 's also serious about adopting AI . If that is the case , the government needs to invest in its workforce ."
"<h> IBM researcher explains what Watson gets right and wrong ( video ) <p> But watching the supercomputer answer questions during the three nights of the Jeopardy shows was puzzling to a lot of viewers , who could see how awesome Watson could be at some questions and how terrible it was at others . John Prager , one of the 25 researchers who worked on Watson 's programming , was at IBM 's event last night during the airing of the final Jeopardy match and he explained both how Watson worked . The explanations give us insight into the nature of human intelligence compared to machine intelligence , one of the oldest technological problems known to computer scientists . <p> Prager said it 's instructive to compare DeepBlue , IBM 's supercomputer that beat chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997 , to Watson , which played Jeopardy . Chess is the "" iconic representation of human intelligence , "" Prager said , while Jeopardy is more like the "" iconic representation of what it means to be human . "" There is very little crossover between the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . That 's because Jeopardy represents a big "" natural language understanding "" problem . <p> For humans , understanding language is easy . But that 's the tough part for Watson . Questions like "" where was Einstein born ? "" are easy for Watson if there is a precise answer in its database . If there is n't an exact match , the computer would have to infer from various snippets of data that suggest the answer . For instance , if the database says that "" Jack Welch ran GE like an artist , "" the computer might think that Welch was an artist , rather than the former chief executive of General Electric . <p> Jeopardy has a broad range of topics , opening up the whole of human knowledge for the computer to try to understand . That also makes the artificial intelligence problem tough . Watson needs precision and it has to supply the top answer , in contrast to Google 's search engine which can supply a range of answers . In Jeopardy , if you get a wrong answer , you 're penalized @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's playing against fast human players . The 2,880 IBM Power750 cores ( or computing brains ) helps , as does the 15 terabytes of memory it has . The IBM researchers started four years ago and they found that their computers was extremely poor at getting Jeopardy questions right . The programming is in Java and C++ . IBM also tapped a fan site that had typed in all of the previous Jeopardy questions and answers over the history of the game show . <p> "" We had a long way to go , "" Prager said . <p> There are a lot of components to what it came up with , including a "" question analysis "" system that starts working just as a question comes in . That part is like a search engine . It comes up with a couple of hundred possible answers that it wants to process further . Then it runs 100 to 200 algorithms to look for different features among the answers . A machine language algorithm then sorts which are the most important solutions . Then it calculates a confidence level for @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ above a certain threshold . <p> In the category of U.S. Cities on Tuesday night , Watson gave the lousy answer "" Toronto "" in response to a question . That was because it did n't put much weight on the category in terms of putting boundaries around its possible answers . There are actual cities named Toronto in the U.S. , and the Toronto Blue Jays baseball team plays in the American League . These facts may have thrown Watson off , to comic effect . Watson put a lot of question marks after its answer , which means its confidence level was low and was only answering because it was forced to answer . <p> It also said "" 1920s "" in response to a question about when Oreo cookies were introduced . That was just after human opponent Ken Jennnings was told he was wrong when he said "" 20s "" on the same question . That was because IBM 's researchers chose to simplify Watson 's programming by making the computer "" deaf "" to the responses of other players . In many sparring games , the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> "" It was sheer bad luck that happened , "" Prager said . <p> Host Alex Trebek noted last night that Watson made random bets for dollar amounts when it had Final Jeopardy or Daily Double gambles to make . Prager said Watson determined it did n't need to bet everything on Tuesday night in order to win . And by statistical analysis of the category , it predicted it would n't do well on short categories or certain topics . So then it knew it had to bet small amounts sometimes . The researcher who programmed that part thought that betting "" zero "" would be boring and that a random amount would by funny . <p> Watson was n't connected to the Internet , but IBM took a lot of library-like sources and fed them into Watson 's database . That was all done ahead of time . When a program runs live , the code and data is fed into Watson 's memory . Then processors kick in and fetch the best answers . A lot of the data is duplicated and most of the data @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's filming . <p> IBM trained Watson in 55 sparring games against former Jeopardy winners . Watson won 71 percent of the time . That was the more scientific result compared to the championship matches . Prager said the experience of watching Watson was like a parent watching a child perform in a school play , where you hope the child does n't flub his or her lines . <p> "" The trained eye can predict whether Watson will get the answer right when the question comes up , "" Prager said . "" Watson struggles what they 're really asking for , and if the language is really clear . Jeopardy is an entertainment show and the question is often worded to inform or entertain . "" <p> Burn Lewis , another IBM researcher , said that Watson actually had to press a buzzer to answer questions in the show . The questions are visible to the human players so it "" hits their retinas about the same time it hits Watson 's chips , "" Prager said . It could do so within six milliseconds , faster than most @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ beat Watson on the buzzer were really gambling , or predicting they could answer a question upon hearing the last word . <p> Watson generally jumped around a lot on categories because it was looking for Daily Doubles , which offer the chance to get the most points from a question , and there is usually a pattern to where contestants can find those Daily Doubles , Prager said . <p> IBM thinks that Watson 's innovations can be used in things such as automated customer support . <p> You can check out a preview match between Watson , Jennings and Rutter ( where the humans were also destroyed ) . Also , check out the video of Prager 's talk below . The video is dark because it was shot in a dark comedy club without much lighting , so I apologize for that . But you can hear Prager 's explanations fine ."
"<p> With the Sundance Film Festival upon us , this year 's festival promises a myriad of immersive experiences , must-see films and a never-ending list of activities to keep every attendee busy . <p> To make things easier for those who plan to check out the festival this year , we 've put together a list of all the shorts , episodic offerings , activities and films worth seeing . A one-stop-shop for your festival needs , here 's our list of Sundance musts . <p> 01 <p> Sylvie 's Love <p> The jazz is smooth and the air sultry in the New York summer of 1957 . Sylvie helps around her father 's record store as she waits for her fianc ? to return from war -- until sweet saxophonist Robert walks in looking for a day job to subsidize his residency at the Blue Morocco lounge . Starring Tessa Thompson and Nnamdi Asomugha . <p> Courtesy of Sundance <p> 02 <p> Bad Hair <p> It 's Los Angeles 1989 and Anna Bludso ( Elle Lorraine ) is a scarred survivor of a scalp burn from a mild relaxer perm . She also has the smarts and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ a music video TV show . Directed by Justin Simien and starring Vanessa Williams , Yaani King Mondschein , Elle Lorraine , and Lena Waithe . <p> Yaani King Mondschein , Elle Lorraine , and Lena Waithe appears in Bad Hair by Justin Simien , an official selection of the Midnight program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 03 <p> Charm City Kings <p> Fourteen-year-old Mouse ( Jahi Di'Allo Winston ) desperately wants to join the Midnight Clique , an infamous group of Baltimore dirt-bike riders who rule the summertime streets . Starring Teyonah Parris , William Catlett and Meek Mill ( who 's making his film debut ) . <p> Jahi appears in Charm City Kings by Angel Manuel Soto , an official selection @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by William Gray . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 04 <p> Zola <p> "" You wan na hear a story about why me &amp; this bitch here fell out ? It 's kind of long but full of suspense "" -- That 's how Zola begins , a new work by Bravo and playwright Jeremy O. Harris ( Slave Play ) . Zola meets Stefani at a restaurant where Zola waitresses and the two immediately click over pole dancing . <p> Riley Keough and Taylour Paige appear in Zola by Janicza Bravo , an official selection of the U.S. Dramatic Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Anna Kooris . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 05 <p> The Last Shift <p> Stanley ( Richard Jenkins ) , an aging fast-food worker , plans to call it quits after 38 years on the graveyard shift at Oscar 's Chicken and Fish . His last weekend takes a turn while training his replacement Jevon ( Shane Paul McGhie ) , a talented but stalled young writer whose provocative politics keep landing him in trouble . <p> Shane Paul Mcghie and Richard Jenkins appear in The Last Shift by Andrew Cohn , an official selection of the Premieres program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Mott Hupfel . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ strictly prohibited . <p> 06 <p> Bereka <p> A family history archive as told by matriarch Azalu Mekonnen and her granddaughter Samira Hooks . Shot on Super 8 film in Los Angeles and Gondar , Ethiopia , Bereka captures the Ethiopian coffee ceremony and explores migration , memory and rebirth . <p> A still from Bereka by Nesanet Teshager Abegaze , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Nesanet Teshager Abegaze . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 07 <p> Giving Voice <p> August Wilson 's prolific stage work -- Fences , The Piano Lesson , Ma Rainey 's Black Bottom -- has found another life through a national monologue competition for high school drama students . In this documentary , Giving Voice "" @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ as they meticulously develop their individual performances with the hopes of embodying Wilson 's legacy . "" <p> A still from Giving Voice by James D. Stern and Fernando Villena , an official selection of the Documentary Premieres program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Jonathon Narducci . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 08 <p> Pillars <p> After seeing a boy she likes before church , Amber sneaks out to the Sunday school bathroom during the service and is given her first kiss . <p> A still from Pillars by Haley Elizabeth Anderson , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 09 <p> Lance ( in a Neck Brace ) <p> After a devastating breakup , Lance listens to instructional cassette tapes on how to heal his broken heart . <p> Lance Jeffries appears in Lance ( in a Neck Brace ) by Chlo ? Aktas , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Chris Amodio . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 10 <p> Daytime Noir <p> A mother and son 's journey through the exploitative world of tabloid TV . <p> A still from Daytime Noir by Jeron Braxton , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Jeron Braxton . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 11 <p> Betye Saar : Taking Care of Business <p> There 's no stopping the legendary artist Betye Saar , even at age 93 . <p> Courtesy of Sundance <p> 12 <p> City So Real <p> As a factious mayoral election coincides with the trial of the police officer who killed Laquan McDonald , Chicago becomes a tinderbox and its citizens ready to spark . <p> A still from City So Real by Steve James , an official selection of the Indie Episodic program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Photographer photo by Steve James . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 13 <p> Baldwin Beauty <p> Farrah , new to Los Angeles , goes on the mobile styling app Get Glam to find new clients . When she arrives at an appointment , she finds a house of girls pregaming for a party and maybe a new crew of friends . <p> Raven Goodwin appears in Baldwin Beauty by Thembi Banks , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Ante Cheng . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 14 <p> A Love Song For Latasha <p> A dreamlike archive in conversation @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ nuanced narrative of Latasha Harlins , through excavating intimate and poetic memories shared by her cousin and best friend . <p> A still from A Love Song For Latasha by Sophia Nahli Allison , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Sophia Nahli Allison . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 15 <p> The 40-Year-Old Version <p> Directed by playwright Radha Blank Radha , a once-promising playwright , is barreling toward the stigma of being single and a struggling artist at the age of 40 . <p> Radha Blank appears in The 40-Year-Old Version by Radha Blank , an official selection of the U.S. Dramatic Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Eric Branco . All photos @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 16 <p> Miss Juneteenth <p> Director Channing Godfrey Peoples ' film draws us deep into a honey-bourbon South that is rich with heart , sincerity and thick , Texan charm . <p> A still from Miss Juneteenth by Channing Godfrey Peoples , an official selection of the U.S. Dramatic Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Rambo Elliott . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 17 <p> Ship : A Visual Poem <p> A black boy learns contradicting lessons of manhood and masculinity @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Antonio Watson appears in -Ship : A Visual Poem by Terrance Daye , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Kristin Kouke . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 18 <p> Nine Days <p> What if being born is not the beginning but the goal ? In a house distant from the reality we know , a reclusive man named Will interviews prospective candidates -- personifications of human souls -- for the privilege he once had : to be born . Starring Winston Duke and Zazie Beetz . <p> Winston Duke and Zazie Beetz appear in NINE DAYS by Edson Oda , an official selection of the U.S. Dramatic Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Wyatt @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 19 <p> BLKNWS <p> Kahlil Joseph 's mesmerizing news-creation machine is a soulful and rousing intervention into the "" news-industrial complex "" that is presently manifesting an epidemic in our society : news addiction powered by corporate digital platforms on networked devices . <p> Amandla Stenberg appears in BLKNWS by Kahlil Joseph , an official selection of the New Frontier Exhibitions program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 20 <p> Softie <p> Sam Soko @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ who fought injustices in his country as a political activist . Now he 's taking the next step by running for office in a regional Kenyan election . <p> A still from Softie by Sam Soko , an official selection of the World Cinema Documentary Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Sam Soko . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 21 <p> Disclosure : Trans Lives on Screen <p> Directed by Sam Feder , Disclosure takes an eye-opening look at transgender depictions in film and television , examining how Hollywood reflects and creates our deepest anxieties about gender . <p> Courtesy of Sundance <p> 22 <p> Bemb ? <p> An immersive experience that manifests both the material world and the spiritual world through the religious celebration of Bemb ? @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ who come to Earth . <p> Ernesto Collinet appears in Bemb ? by Marcos Louit and Patricia Diaz , an official selection of the New Frontier Exhibitions program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Marcos Louit . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 23 <p> Farewell Amor <p> Tanzanian-American filmmaker Ekwa Msangi delves into the life of Walter , who was forced to leave his family , 17 years ago , in Angola . Now he is picking up his wife , Esther , and daughter , Sylvia , from the airport to bring them home to his one-bedroom Brooklyn apartment . <p> Ntare Guma Mbaho Mwine , Zainab Jah , and Jayme Lawson appear in Farewell Amor by Ekwa Msangi , an official selection of the U.S. Dramatic Competition @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Sundance Institute photo by Bruce Francis Cole . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 24 <p> T <p> A film crew follows three grieving participants of Miami 's annual "" T Ball , "" where folks assemble to model RIP T-shirts and innovative costumes designed in honor of their dead . <p> Kherby Jean appears in T by Keisha Rae Witherspoon , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Terence Pircell . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Is Not A Burial , It 's A Resurrection <p> In the mountains of Lesotho , an 80-year-old widow named Mantoa eagerly awaits her son 's return from working in the South African mines , only to learn of his demise instead . Writer/director Lemohang Jeremiah Mosese . <p> Mary Twala Mhlongo and Siphiwe Mzima appear in This Is Not A Burial , It 's A Resurrection by Lemohang Jeremiah Mosese , an official selection of the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Pierrede Villiers . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 26 <p> Sadla <p> When Nathi goes on a simple errand , his journey is marked by disturbing interactions with authority . But is he an innocent victim ? <p> Kuthula Magubane appears in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Chuanne Blofield . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 27 <p> The Last Thing He Wanted <p> Directed by Dee Rees , the film is an adaptation of the novel by Joan Didion and stars Anne Hathaway as a hardened journalist and single mother Elena McMahon who has rigorously investigated Contra activity in Central America for years . The film also features Rosie Perez , Willem Dafoe and Ben Affleck . <p> Anne Hathaway appears in The Last Thing He Wanted by Dee Rees , an official selection of the Premieres program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 28 <p> Pattaki <p> In the dense night , when the moon rises , those who live a monotonous daily life without water are hypnotized by the powers of Yemaya , the goddess of the sea . <p> A still from Pattaki by Everlane Moraes , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Flavio Rebou ? as . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 29 <p> Still Here <p> This immersive multimedia installation brings audiences into a complex understanding of mass incarceration , erasure and gentrification in Harlem . <p> Keith Buxton , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Zahra Rasool and Sarah Springer , an official selection of the New Frontier Exhibitions program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Viktorija Mickute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 30 <p> All Kinds of Limbo <p> The ceremony of live performance and the craft of theatrical staging magnificently converge with the musical direction of composer Raffy Bushman . <p> Nubiya Brandon appears in All Kinds of Limbo by Toby Coffey , Raffy Bushman , and Nubiya Brandon an official selection of the New Frontier Exhibitions program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 31 <p> Coded Bias <p> Director Shalini Kantayya sits her documentary at the intersection of two crucial questions : What does it mean when artificial intelligence ( AI ) increasingly governs our liberties ? When MIT Media Lab researcher Joy Buolamwini discovers that most facial-recognition software does not accurately identify darker-skinned faces and the faces of women , she delves into an investigation of widespread bias in algorithms . <p> A still from Code for Bias by Shalini Kantayya , an official selection of the U.S. Documentary Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 32 <p> Cuties <p> Ma ? mouna Doucour ? ' s look at @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , Mariam , and younger brother , awaiting her father to rejoin the family from Senegal . <p> Fathia Youssouf , Medina El Aidi-Azouni , Esther Gohourou , Ilanah Cami-Goursolas , Myriam Hamma , Demba Diaw , and Maimouna Gueye appear in Cuties by Ma ? mouna Doucour ? , an official selection of the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly <p> 33 <p> Time <p> Fox Rich is an entrepreneur , author and mother of six who has spent the last 21 years fighting for the release of her husband , Rob , who is serving a 60-year sentence for an offense they both committed . <p> A still from Time by Ursula Garrett Bradley , an official selection of the U.S. Documentary @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Sundance Institute . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 34 <p> Untitled Kirby Dick/Amy Ziering Film <p> From Emmy-winning , Oscar-nominated filmmakers Kirby Dick and Amy Ziering , this currently untitled documentary tells the story of music executive Drew Dixon and how the abuse she faced at the hands of those she admired changed her career and life forever . <p> A still from Chasing the Fade by Kirby Dick and Amy Ziering , an official selection of the Documentary Premieres program at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Omar Mullick . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . <p> 35 <p> Guisado on Sunset <p> Director Terence Nance 's short centers on missed-connection regret at that one late-night spot -- the kind you keep playing back in your head but not quite ever remembering right -- until it starts to look like something else . <p> Courtesy of Sundance <p> 36 <p> Buck <p> Caught in the throes of a depressive fugue , young Lynn resorts to debauchery to find joy -- only to discover that happiness is a much more complicated proposition . <p> Biko Eisen Martin appears in Buck by Elegance Bratton and Jovan James , an official selection of the Shorts Programs at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival . Courtesy of Sundance Institute photo by Dawn Hall . All photos are copyrighted and may be used by press only for the purpose of news or editorial coverage of Sundance Institute programs . Photos must be accompanied by a credit to the photographer and/or ' Courtesy of Sundance Institute . ' Unauthorized use , alteration , reproduction or sale of logos and/or photos is strictly prohibited . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ returns , hosted by MACRO 's Stacey Walker King &amp; Charles D. King ( Sorry To Bother You , Mudbound , Blast Beat ) , January 24-27 . This marks the media company 's third annual showcase of inclusive panels and parties to champion diversity and people of color . This year 's events include a conversation with Bad Hair 's cast and director Justin Simien , a fireside chat with Issa Rae and Stella Meghie on their new film The Photograph , and a conversation with Sylvie 's Love stars Tessa Thompson and Nnamdi Asomugha , writer/director Eugene Ashe , producer Gabrielle Glore . <p> 38 <p> The Blackhouse Foundation <p> A Sundance tradition , The Blackhouse Foundation , led by industry veteran Brickson Diamond , will host its immersive programming from January 24-27 . Starting with a Meet the Filmmakers Party , Blackhouse will host Issa Rae and Prentice Penny in a candid chat about the return of Insecure ; WarnerMedia 's "" See Yourself in the Work We Do "" conversation , including panelist Gina Yashere , Co-creator , Executive Producer and actor for Bob Hearts Abishola @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Blackhouse Foundation "" stands out as a bastion for the most influential and impactful Black writers , directors , producers , crew , actors and actresses throughout film , television , digital media , and beyond . """
"<h> -6.00(-0.02%) <h> +10.50(+0.10%) <p> NEW YORK , July 27 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- SESAMm disclosed today that its unique sentiment and emotion data on thousands of financial assets is now accessible to the financial industry through the Bloomberg Enterprise Access Point . <p> It is specialized in artificial intelligence for investment professionals and leverages sentiment and emotion , such as fear or surprise , extracted from Big Data . Above all , it gathers insights from billions of press articles , blogs , or social media , to generate actionable insights for quantitative and fundamental investment strategies . <p> The company provides pre-processed datasets , flexible Natural Language Processing tools , and Machine Learning platforms to generate insights and integrate them into clients ' alpha research processes . As a result , it has a track record of working with tier 1 quantitative hedge funds , asset managers , and banks all around the world . <p> "" Our work with Bloomberg will give their clients access to brand new data specifically tailored for the financial community "" said Sylvain Fort ? , Co-Founder and CEO of SESAMm . "" This represents a fantastic opportunity for SESAMm to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ alpha and rapidly adjust to changing market conditions . This type of data is particularly important for investors in these times of high volatility . "" <p> SESAMm provides exclusive metrics and insights related to emotions ( such as anger , fear , surprise , joy , sadness ) in multiple languages , for all asset classes . This wide spectrum ensures global coverage and helps discover regional trends by sector or industry . Consequently , its datasets are used in several applications , from long-short equity and stock picking to macro investment or volatility forecasting . <p> The entire dataset uses SESAMm'sdata lake including more than 2 million data sources and more than 10 billion articles - increasing by an average of 6 million per day . In addition , the data is created with the company 's proprietary NLP and ML algorithms and provided to clients through flexible endpoints . All data is anonymized , ensuring no personal or identifiable data is included in it . <p> SESAMm ( www.sesamm.com ) is an innovative fintech company specializing in Big Data and artificial intelligence for investment . Its team @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ articles and messages using Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning . With its NLP platform TextReveal and its quantitative data science platform SignalReveal , SESAMm addresses the entire value chain of alpha research . SESAMm 's 40 people team in Paris , New York , Tokyo , Tunis , and Metz , works with major hedge funds , banks , and asset management clients around the world for both fundamental and quantitative use cases . <p> Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions . In order to improve our community experience , we are temporarily suspending article commenting . In the meantime , we welcome your feedback to help us enhance the experience ."
"<h> Post <h> China 's Grid Operator Plans a Big Push in 5G and AI <p> China is planning a nationwide smart power grid that uses technologies such as 5G and artificial intelligence , with the first phase to be completed within two years . <p> The plan was outlined in a white paper by the State Grid Corporation , one of China 's largest utility companies . It operates roughly 90% of the country 's electricity grids . <p> Named the "" Ubiquitous Power Internet of Things , "" the project aims to create an interconnected digital ecosystem linking the internet with the nation 's electricity supply . The design would help enable the construction of smart cities , according to the white paper . China currently hosts roughly half of the world 's 1,000 pilot smart cities , which use 5G and AI technology to improve urban management . <p> "" The Ubiquitous Power Internet of Things would apply information technology and advanced communication technologies such as mobile internet and artificial intelligence to realize the interconnection of all things and human-computer interaction in all aspects of the power grid , the document said . <p> The first @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ second phase to be finished in 2024 . So far this year , State Grid has outlined more than 50 construction jobs and 25 demonstration projects to advance the plan . <p> Local news media quoted Tim Buckley , director of energy finance studies at the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis in Sydney , Australia , as saying that State Grid 's effort to modernize the electric grid with renewable energy and IoT technology is an expansion of the company 's existing strategy . <p> "" This is a program of investment and development that 's been well underway for a decade . China State Grid has consistently been at the forefront of technology in doing so , "" he was quoted as saying . <p> According to a 2016 report by the market intelligence firm Northeast Group , China is predicted to spend $77.6 billion on smart grid infrastructure over the next decade . <p> With the new two-way advanced metering infrastructure ( AMI ) smart meters that State Grid plans to install , customers who produce surplus energy through sources like solar panels can sell it @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Grid as it works to incorporate a larger share of electricity from renewable energy sources into the grid . <p> From January to August 2019 , the amount of "" clean "" electricity generated and fed into the grid grew 15.9% , to 394.4 billion kilowatt-hours , local reports said . <p> State Grid recently put the "" Ubiquitous Power Internet of Things "" into practice at the newly opened Beijing Daxing International Airport . The company installed an "" International Airport Smart Energy Service System "" data platform which integrates power grid , airport and customer information . The system is capable of reacting to airport users ' demand for electricity . <p> State Grid also has used mobile Internet and AI in smart power grids in some parts of China including the northern industrial port city of Tianjin , which is also home to China 's first ultra-high voltage power grid , which uses wind , solar and geothermal energy . <p> The project also looks to improve energy efficiency by integrating and using different types of clean energy sources . In recent years , State Grid has @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ boost the national energy infrastructure , partly in a bid to ease China 's reliance on fossil fuel sources . <p> "" The ultra-high voltage grid is the key to building a global energy Internet , "" Liu Zhenya , a former head of State Grid , was quoted as saying in Moscow in 2018 . <p> The "" global energy internet "" is essentially a smart grid connected to an UHV grid that could potentially deliver clean energy worldwide . <h> Thank DW for the Post ! <p> Energy Central contributors share their experience and insights for the benefit of other Members ( like you ) . Please show them your appreciation by leaving a comment , ' liking ' this post , or following this Member . <h> Discussions <p> Very interesting stuff . I 'm big on AI optimizing leaks in our efficiency when it comes to electricity storage and porduction . Can you see such a system being rolled out internationally in the near future ? <h> More Posts <p> Long time colleague and good friend , Carl Ozkaynak , Director of Smart Grid at Saint @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ insightful/effective piece on Linkedin . Carl shows us his innovative spirit and deep understanding of how the Smart .. <p> "" The center will focus on the most challenging basic problems facing the young field , with the intention of speeding advances in cybersecurity , electric grid resilience , physics and chemistry simulations and other DOE priorities , "" <h> Get Published - Build a Following <p> The Energy Central Power Industry Network is based on one core idea - power industry professionals helping each other and advancing the industry by sharing and learning from each other . <p> If you have an experience or insight to share or have learned something from a conference or seminar , your peers and colleagues on Energy Central want to hear about it . It 's also easy to share a link to an article you 've liked or an industry resource that you think would be helpful . <h> Sponsors &amp; Partners <p> Our Mission <p> Our mission at Energy Central is to help global power industry professionals work better . Our Power Industry Network ? platform is built to help our @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ experience and advance their careers in the industry . Membershipis open to professionals working at utilities and organizations"
"<h> A whistleblower hotline and compliance officers in each division are among ways the German car maker is improving its compliance culture <h> Hiltrud D. Werner , left , a member of Volkswagen 's board of management , and Larry D. Thompson , an independent corporate compliance monitor who was appointed by U.S. authorities to oversee Volkswagen 's compliance overhaul . <p> Photo : holger hollemann/dpa/Agence France-Presse/Getty Images <p> By <h> Mengqi Sun <p> Volkswagen AG is betting that a reformed compliance culture and an expanded whistleblower program that helped the German car maker clear a critical U.S. regulatory milestone this month will also help prevent another scandal and go a long way in restoring its reputation . <p> The car maker has spent the past few years trying to resolve issues related to its 2015 admission that it rigged about 11 million of its diesel vehicles world-wide with software to dodge government emissions tests , a revelation that came after U.S. regulators alleged that Volkswagen installed software to make cars appear to run cleaner . <p> The company says its yearslong , multipronged transformation and ongoing surveillance are essential @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is easier when you can put a price tag on noncompliance : ? 32 billion ( $37.56 billion ) in fines , penalties and compensation to customers , said Hiltrud D. Werner , the member of Volkswagen 's board of management in charge of compliance , risk management and legal affairs . <h> Newsletter Sign-up <h> Risk and Compliance Journal <p> Our Morning Risk Report features insights and news on governance , risk and compliance . <p> SUBSCRIBE <p> "" Then you can explain , ' Look , we do n't want another scandal . We can not survive another scandal , ' "" she said in an interview . <p> Some investors and analysts say they remain cautious about whether the kind of cultural transformation described by the company can be fully realized in a global enterprise with more than 600,000 people . <p> "" You ca n't guarantee a change of culture , "" said Philippe Houchois , an analyst at Jefferies Financial Group Inc . "" It 's not up to the regulators to change the aspect of governance ; it 's up to shareholders to decide @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" <p> For Volkswagen , it has been a long journey from when the emissions scandal first surfaced . At that time , it took the German car maker months to provide a clear explanation of how the cheating happened and identify those in the company responsible for it . It called on employees to come forward and volunteer information for its internal investigation . <p> A "" culture of tolerance "" for rule-breaking internally allowed the deception to continue for a decade , Hans Dieter P ? tsch , chairman of the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen , said at the time . <h> Kurt Michels , Volkswagen 's chief compliance officer . <p> Photo : Volkswagen <p> Volkswagen settled with the U.S. Justice Department in 2017 in connection with the emissions-cheating scandal , pleading guilty to criminal charges and agreeing to pay billions of dollars in penalties . An independent corporate compliance monitor was appointed by U.S. authorities to oversee Volkswagen 's compliance overhaul , according to the settlement agreement . The monitor , Larry D. Thompson , a lawyer at Finch McCranie LLP and a former U.S. deputy @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ completed the three-year monitorship . <p> The company said that under the monitorship it improved its workplace culture , focused on improving its whistleblower program and set up a network of compliance officers within each business section . <p> "" There was an area where we had a shared goal , which is to make Volkswagen a better company , "" said Scott Marrah , a partner at Kilpatrick Townsend &amp; Stockton LLP who acted as the deputy monitor for antifraud , ethics and compliance in Volkswagen 's monitorship . "" We 're focusing on long-term , sustainable change . "" <p> Volkswagen 's chief executive , Herbert Diess , is expected to make mention of the end of the monitorship during the company 's shareholder meeting Wednesday . <p> A spokesman for the U.S. Justice Department confirmed the completion of the monitorship but declined to comment further . <p> The company 's revamped whistleblower program , designed for reporting serious violations of policies and law , was central to the compliance turnaround , executives said . <p> Volkswagen had a channel for reporting such violations before the emissions scandal @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ said Ms. Werner , the Volkswagen board member . It accommodated two main languages -- German and English -- and employees often had to wait 20 minutes to leave a tip . "" People did not feel that such technical issues or violations of the regulatory framework was an issue that the whistleblower hotline would deal with , "" Ms. Werner said . <p> The company has made the hotline a 24-hour-a-day , seven-day-a-week operation that now accommodates 19 languages , enabling more than 90% of the company 's 670,000 employees to report tips in their native language , Ms. Werner said . <p> Getting employees to trust the program , however -- particularly in Germany -- presented a cultural hurdle . There was skepticism of anonymous reporting , a possible holdover from when secret police operated in the country , said Kurt Michels , Volkswagen 's chief compliance officer who joined the car maker in April 2017 . In general , there can be unease with whistleblower systems , he said . "" But with the German history , it 's an even more sensitive topic , "" he @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ by making the system more transparent , holding question-and-answer sessions and roadshow presentations , increasing training and improving access to information about the program on the company website . Volkswagen has sought to demystify its investigative process for employees and it has shared lessons from internal probes , executives said . <p> Already , the whistleblower program is seeing an increase in tips over the past few years , Mr. Michels said . About 80% of whistleblowers attached their names and contact information to tips in 2019 , up from 15% in 2017 , according to the company . <p> It is promising to see the steps Volkswagen has taken , said Richard Hilgert , a senior equity analyst for automotive at Morningstar Inc . But he still held some concerns : "" It 's extremely difficult for a massive empire like Volkswagen to ensure compliance from every person that works for the organization . "" <p> The conclusion of the monitorship is n't the end of the company 's efforts to improve compliance , executives said . <p> Volkswagen still has open legal issues around the world related to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . And there are cases tied to individuals that are unresolved . The company 's former CEO Martin Winterkorn was ordered this month in a German court to face trial on charges of defrauding customers . <p> Volkswagen is also turning its attention to ethical , legal and regulatory issues related to technologies such as autonomous vehicles and artificial intelligence . The company will continue to monitor and change its compliance programs based on evolving risks , Mr. Michels said . <h> CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR <p> Risk and compliance executives at some of North America 's largest and most influencial companies can take note of what their C-suite colleague in the finance function expects in the near term . Finance chiefs see improved business conditions and cite managing cash , liquidity , and planning and analysis as among their most important roles during the COVID-19 crisis , according to Deloitte 's North American CFO Signals survey for the third quarter of 2020 . <p> Please note : The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above . <p> WSJ opens select articles @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ' Join the Conversation ' area to the rightbelow for stories open to conversation . For more information , please reference our community guidelines . Email feedback and questions to moderator@wsj.com."
"<p> "" On Keen ... you say what you want to spend more time on , and then curate content from the web and people you trust to help make that happen , "" writes Adams in a blog post . "" You make a ' keen , ' which can be about any topic , whether it 's baking delicious bread at home , getting into birding or researching typography . Keen lets you curate the content you love , share your collection with others and find new content based on what you have saved . "" <p> This is obviously not a particularly revelatory pitch . Just about every social media feed you browse is trying to personalize its content to your interests in one way or another . And Pinterest has already captured the hobby-focused side of this market with its pinboard-style visual design -- two characteristics that Keen is trying to imitate . <p> So what does Keen have that Pinterest does n't ? Well , for one it has Google 's expertise in machine learning , which Adams says will surface "" helpful content related to your interests . "" <p> "" Even if @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ can start curating a keen and save a few interesting ' gems ' or links that you find helpful , "" says Adams . "" These bits of content act like seeds and help keen discover more and more related content over time . "" <p> But it 's not like Pinterest does n't invest heavily in AI as well . And while machine learning 's ability to find patterns in data outstrips that of humans in many areas , when it comes to niche hobbies and interests , I 'd wager that the collective intuitions of a big and engaged ( dare I say , keen ? ) userbase will outstrip those of the machines for the time being . <p> It 's not clear what data Keen is collecting <p> But there 's also the question of what Google itself is getting out of this project in terms of data . The company has never been able to break into the social space , a venue of online activity that generates scads of lucrative data for targeting ads . A Pinterest-style social network would really allow it to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . And it does seem that data collected by Keen is being collated with everything else Google knows about users . You log into Keen using your Google account , and clicking on the site 's "" privacy "" link just points you to the Google-wide privacy policy . <p> At any rate , it 's interesting to see Google push its machine learning systems into more varied applications . Especially those that seem like they 're trying to foster users ' interests in rewarding hobbies , rather than algorithms that drive people to greater engagement without caring what it is they 're actually engaging with ."
"<h> AWS partners with sports leagues to change how we watch games <p> Since the inception of professional sports , fans have sought statistics about how their favorite teams and players are performing . Until recently , these stats were generated from basic counting , like batting averages , home runs or touchdowns . <p> Today , sports leagues are looking to learn more about players and find a competitive edge through more advanced stats . Beyond that , they want to engage fans more with tools like AWS NFL 's Next Gen Stats and MLB 's Statcast , software that uses compelling visuals to illustrate statistics like the probability of receiving a catch in the end zone or a runner 's speed between home and first base . <p> AWS counts Major League Baseball , the National Football League , the German Bundesliga soccer league , NASCAR , Formula 1 racing and Six Nations Rugby among its customers . How , exactly , are advanced cloud technology and machine learning helping change how we watch live sports ?"
"<p> Deep learning technology is driving the evolution of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and has become one of the hottest topics of discussion within the technology world and beyond . Given the rate at which deep learning is progressing , some industry observers are predicting it will bring about a doomsday scenario , while others strive for a time when the technology can transform business processes and create new business models through scalable , more efficient automation and predictive capabilities . The current market climate is ripe for innovation in hardware in general , and chipsets more specifically . <p> United States has the largest global export quantity and manufacturers in Deep Learning Chipset market , while the EU is the second sales volume market for Deep Learning Chipset in 2016 . <p> In the industry , NVIDIA profits most in 2016 and recent years , while Intel and IBM ranked 2 and 3 . The market share of them is 26.72% , 20.57% and 12.56% in 2016 . The gap of market share is keep on enlarged due to different strategy . <p> Deep Learning Chipset technology is not mature now , and new enterprises can not @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ short term . So , the study group recommends the new entrants need to be considered carefully before enter into this field . <p> The report also presents the market competition landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the major vendor/manufacturers in the market . The key manufacturers covered in this report : <p> To study and analyse the global Deep Learning Chipset Market Size ( value and volume ) by key regions/countries , product type and application , history data from 2014 to 2018 , and forecast to 2024 . <p> To understand the structure of Deep Learning Chipset market by identifying its various sub segments . <p> Focuses on the key global Deep Learning Chipset manufacturers , to define , describe and analyse the sales volume , value , market share , market competition landscape , SWOT analysis and development plans in next few years . <p> To analyse the individual Deep Learning Chipset market trends , prospects , and their contribution to the total market . <p> To share detailed information about the key factors influencing the growth of the market ( growth potential , opportunities , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ project the consumption of Deep Learning Chipset submarkets , with respect to key regions ( along with their respective key countries ) . <p> To analyse competitive developments such as expansions , agreements , new product launches , and acquisitions in the market . <p> To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyse their growth strategies . <p> Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research . We are one of the top report resellers in the market , dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters . <h> Company <h> Dow Jones Network <p> Intraday Data provided by FACTSET and subject to terms of use . Historical and current end-of-day data provided by FACTSET . All quotes are in local exchange time . Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only . Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements ."
"<p> Technology experts have been insisting for over a century that when the robot revolution finally succeeds , everyone will have a life of abundant wealth and leisure . That has n't been the case . But it has n't stopped plenty of people from still insisting that it will happen , even here in the year 2017 . <p> A new article in Australia 's The Daily Telegraph trots out some amazing predictions for the near future . Titled , "" The robots will steal our jobs , but we 'll be enjoying ourselves , "" it 's an article that could 've been written in the 1960s . But allow me to tell you why it 's bullshit . <p> The robots are coming -- and experts are predicting they will be giving us more time to enjoy ourselves rather than stealing our jobs . <p> Just ... no . This prediction has been around forever . It was particularly popular in the 1950s and 60s . But it has n't happened . Why not ? Because gains in productivity did n't go to workers . They went @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ suggests a silent robot revolution will affect every job by 2030 -- and we will be twice as happy as we are today as a result . <p> Twice as happy ? What the hell does that even mean ? The article never explains . But even if the article presented a way to quantify happiness , something tells me that such a prediction is quite a stretch . <p> Advertisement <p> We 've had an incredible amount of automation happen since 2004 , 13 years in the past , just as 2030 is 13 years in the future . Are you twice as happy as you were in 2004 ? If so , do you attribute that to having more free time thanks to technology ? Or would you say that technology has made life on earth demonstrably worse ? <p> Does your boss expect you to answer emails at night and on weekends ? Does your boss expect you to be on standby to work shifts that you probably wo n't get paid for if they do n't use you ? Do you chalk any of these realities @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ? Do these things make you feel better or more relaxed ? <p> Dr Andrew Charlton , co-founder of economic strategy company AlphaBeta , said the increase in automation could boost the New South Wales economy by a whopping $580 billion if we embrace the machines : "" This significant economic opportunity will not land in our lap . NSW has to be bold enough to lead changes -- both embracing technology , and ensuring people can move into new job . "" <p> Okay . I 'll give you that automation will help businesses expand . But that does n't mean that workers will see the benefit . Again , who benefits from these forms of automation ? Do you think it 's you ? <p> Countless TV shows and movies have tried to predict the future and thankfully it seems things will be more Rosie the robot from The Jetsons than Arnold Schwarzenegger in The Terminator . The research says that by 2030 the average worker in NSW will spend two hours and 10 minutes less on routine tasks , instead putting that time into creative jobs . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ That 's almost never the case . <p> Do you know what happened to household work when cleaning appliances got better and better throughout the 20th century ? People ( usually women ) worked roughly the same amount of time cleaning because the standards of cleanliness changed . As cleaning your floors or your clothes got easier , people did n't do less of it . Society simply expected that you cleaned more often and kept your home and self much cleaner than your grandparents had . <p> But Dr Charlton said that for NSW to capitalise on the opportunity offered by increased automation we will need to teach young people correctly . "" We need to make sure our education and training system is preparing young people for the skills we know will be needed in 2030 , "" he said . <p> This is another things that futurists always predict : We need to prepare people for the jobs of the future . And that 's true . But guessing what those jobs might be is a lot harder than you might think . <p> Advertisement <p> There @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have jobs that we have n't even invented yet . When I was a kid in the 1980s , "" writing online "" was n't something that I dreamed might exist one day , let alone might be a career that could support me financially . <p> TAFE managing director Jon Black said his organisation was already training students for nine out of the 10 jobs predicted to be most in demand in 2020 , adding it was the "" the real engine room for the jobs of the future "" . <p> Deputy Premier and NSW Skills minister John Barilaro said TAFE was delivering "" the skilled workforce we need to support the economy and jobs of tomorrow . "" We do n't even know what jobs will be emerging ... What matters is that we are agile , working with industry , and providing opportunities for people to skill-up in those emerging sectors , "" he said . <p> Again , that 's great and important . And countries like Australia actually do a decent job of re-training . But 2020 is less than two years away . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of the future "" that make it sound like we have some great talent for prognostication . <p> Australian Research Council future fellow Rafael Calvo said artificial intelligence was already in our lives and the key was to provide research explaining exactly how it impacts us . <p> "" In the same way we now know that artificial food colouring is bad for our kids , so we need to understand the negative impacts any piece of software can impact our lives . "" <p> The problem , of course , is n't technology . It 's politics . The post-scarcity automated society is entirely possible , it 's just a matter of accepting a different kind of world . It 's a world where you do n't get a new iPhone released every 6 months . And it 's a world where choices are made that benefit workers rather than businesses . <p> Let 's just say I 'm not holding my breath that we 're going to be living the high life of George Jetson anytime soon . Absent a worker 's revolution , of course . And @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ are to a worker 's paradise here in the early 21st century ."
"<h> Wyatt Decker : Funding is the lifeblood of medical research <p> To ask the question today , "" Will there ever be a cure for cancer ? "" you may get the answer : "" No , there will be cures for cancer . "" <p> What seemed so distant not long ago is fast becoming reality for different types of cancer . We have seen amazing advancements and momentum that is both encouraging to the medical community and provides hope for millions of patients . <p> But that momentum is at risk . <p> In Washington , D.C. , there has been talk of cuts to research funding through the National Institutes of Health . This funding is the lifeblood of medical research and a catalyst for philanthropy and other research backing nationwide . <p> We are relieved to see that , under a recent bipartisan spending deal in Congress , NIH will get a short-term funding boost . However , there is still concern about the longer term for 2018 and beyond , when the administration is considering deep cuts . <p> We know the challenges of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is n't an expense but an investment in our nation 's economy and health of our fellow citizens . <h> Funding research means funding hope <p> Understanding the biological processes that contribute to human disease and proposing new treatments , as well as clinical trials and validation all take time and are necessary , and sometimes expensive , steps along the path to cures . <p> That 's why we at Mayo Clinic , as a not-for-profit organization , heavily invest in medical research . NIH funding has remained flat over the past decade while Mayo Clinic has doubled its investment in research . Knowing that cancer rates continue to rise , our physicians and scientists are focused on fighting cancer -- exploring the emerging fields of immunotherapy , regenerative medicine , individualized medicine , data aggregation and artificial intelligence . We do all we can to advance innovation . <p> We have many examples of this right here in Arizona : <p> Multiple myeloma <p> Thanks to a dedicated research team at Mayo Clinic and beyond over the past 10 years , survival rates for this disease of plasma @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ we have a team dedicated to continuing this trend by studying innovative treatments to prompt the body 's immune system to combat the disease and another that infuses a virus in cancer cells to kill them . <p> Breast cancer blood screening <p> Mayo Clinic is participating in a large-scale clinical trial aimed at developing a simple blood test to screen for early stages of breast cancer , when there is a greater chance for cure . <p> Teaming with industry <p> A recent example is Cologuard , a noninvasive , stool-based DNA screening test for colorectal cancer -- the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. Our team and an industry collaborator were able to rapidly translate a lab discovery to a simple test that is more accurate than previous screenings . In many situations , this test is a suitable alternative colonoscopy . <h> Patient-centered thinking <p> Even with our significant efforts , generous benefactor support , and collaborations with industry , we , like many other academic medical centers , rely on NIH funding for sustainability . NIH funding is a key economic driver in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 'd be looking for scant particles of DNA in blood samples to detect cancer ? Or developing individual therapies for patients based on their genomes ? We know medical research will offer solutions and a brighter future , but we need to sustain funding to get there . <p> Cuts in funding would mean setbacks on discovery and cures , and diminished hope for patients and families . <p> Mayo Clinic believes in putting the patient at the center of this discussion . Our hope is that health care in the U.S. includes strong , long-term and sustainable federal support for research ."
"<h> Market Overview <h> Tickers <h> Articles <h> Keywords <h> Call for Speakers and Topics Issued for Third-Annual WomenFuture Conference <p> FAIRFAX , Va. , Jan. 6 , 2020 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- The Stevie ? Awards , organizer of the world 's premier business awards programs , has issued a call for speakers and topics for its third-annual WomenFuture Conference . This two-day event for professional women to connect and hear about business and career topics will be presented in conjunction with the 17th annual Stevie Awards for Women in Business on November 12-13 , 2019 , at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas . <p> In addition to our call for speakers , we are also seeking young ( less than three years ) women-owned businesses to showcase at the 2020 event . If you interested in showcasing your business before an audience of potential customers , investors , and the press , at no cost , click here and tell us about your organization , its products and/or services , and the date you began business . <p> The mission of the conference is to help women understand and prepare for the changes that will affect their businesses , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Speakers and topics may address impending change in areas such as artificial intelligence , entrepreneurship , career management , diversity and inclusion , and the future of work , for example . The conference will also feature case studies from finalists in the 2020 Stevie Awards for Women in Business about how they are achieving success and preparing for the future . <p> Following the conference is the Stevie Awards for Women in Business gala on November 13 , where Stevie nominees will be awarded in categories such as Entrepreneur of the Year , Startup of the Year , Women Helping Women and Women-Run Workplace of the Year , in Equal Pay , and Achievement in Developing and Promoting Women . <p> About the Stevie ? Awards Stevie Awards are conferred in eight programs : the Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards , the German Stevie Awards , The American Business Awards ? , The International Business Awards ? , the Middle East Stevie Awards , the Stevie Awards for Women in Business , the Stevie Awards for Great Employers , and the Stevie Awards for Sales &amp; Customer Service . Stevie Awards @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in more than 70 nations . Honoring organizations of all types and sizes and the people behind them , the Stevies recognize outstanding performances in the workplace worldwide . Learn more about the Stevie Awards"
"<h> jetson tk1 <h> 1 Articles <p> Thanks to the wonders of neural networks and machine learning algorithms , it 's now possible to do things that were once thought to be inordinately difficult to achieve with computers . It 's a combination of the right techniques and piles of computing power that make such feats doable , and Robert Bond 's ant zapping project is a great example . <p> The project is based around an NVIDIA Jetson TK1 , a system that brings the processing power of a modern GPU to an embedded platform . It 's fitted with a USB camera , that is used to scan its field of view for ants . Once detected , thanks to a little OpenCV magic , the coordinates of the insect are passed to the laser system . Twin stepper motors are used to spin mirrors that direct the light from a 5 mW red laser , which is shined on the target . If you 're thinking of working on something like this we highly recommend using galvos to direct the laser . <p> Such a system could readily vaporize ants if fitted with a more powerful @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ reasons . Plus , the smell would n't be great , and nobody wants charred insect residue all over the kitchen floor anyway . We 've seen AIs do similar work , too -- like detecting naughty cats for security reasons ."
"<p> The Minecraft video game was familiar to Jos ? Hern ? ndez-Orallo long before he started using it for his own research . The computer scientist , who devises ways to benchmark machine intelligence at the Polytechnic University of Valencia in Spain , first watched his own children play inside the 3D virtual world , which focuses on solving problems rather than shooting monsters . <p> In 2014 , Microsoft bought Minecraft , and its science arm , Microsoft Research , gave its own researchers access to a new version of the game that allowed computer programs , as well as people , to explore and customize the 3D environment . Then , after inviting a small group of outside researchers that included Hern ? ndez-Orallo to download the machine-friendly version of the world , last July , Microsoft made it freely available to anyone , with the goal of speeding up progress in artificial intelligence ( AI ) . <p> Now other companies have followed suit . On 3 December , DeepMind , a unit of Google headquartered in London , opened up its own 3D virtual @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ developers . The company initially created the world to train its own AI programs . Two days later , OpenAI , a research company in San Francisco , California , co-founded by entrepreneur Elon Musk , released a ' meta-platform ' that enables AI programs to easily interact with dozens of 3D games originally designed for humans , as well as with some web browsers and smartphone apps . <p> All three releases provide researchers and software developers with easy ways to test programs in previously unseen situations , and for the programs to acquire new skills by teaching themselves to navigate novel situations that resemble real-world scenarios . "" Environments like these have a very important role to play in the future of AI , "" says Pedro Domingos , a machine-learning researcher at the University of Washington in Seattle . <h> Atari algorithm <p> Games have been test beds for AI for decades , but , typically , the algorithms have played them following predefined strategies . In recent years , the focus has shifted to machines that could learn from their own experience . In early @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ play classic Atari arcade games better than any human , by trial and error , without being told the goals of the games . <p> Such games are simple 2D worlds , though . ' First-person ' 3D video games such as Minecraft -- which visually embed the player in the environment -- are a much closer approximation to the real world , and so make more sophisticated test beds . <p> Minecraft enables users to interact with virtual bricks , and use them to build structures , in addition to navigating and interacting with predefined structures . The version now available to developers , called Malmo , allows algorithms to do the same . Hern ? ndez-Orallo , for example , is using this to explore whether the environment can be used to create benchmarks for machine intelligence . Algorithms could compete to arrange bricks into something that looks the most like a certain object , say , or to navigate a maze -- testing a much wider range of skills than the Turing test , the most famous test of machine intelligence , which focuses on the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ One of the things that made Minecraft attractive for conversion into an AI test bed is that it already enabled players to communicate using text messages . This could help an AI to learn to collaborate with humans in the real world , says computer scientist Katja Hofmann of Microsoft Research in Cambridge , UK , who led the team that created Malmo . <h> Robot rehearsal <p> Virtual worlds are also particularly useful for developing AIs that are destined to eventually operate as physical robots , says Hofmann , because such environments are cheaper to customize , and faster and safer to practise in than the real world . They also allow robotics researchers to focus purely on the intelligence part of the equation -- the mechanical challenges of physical robots can be a distraction . <p> In addition to Hern ? ndez-Orallo , Microsoft Research has collaborations with a handful of research labs that are using Malmo projects . But Hofmann suspects that many more are using it , perhaps around 100 . <p> DeepMind Lab similarly allows researchers to create structures such as mazes , and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ navigate . DeepMind has also been experimenting with integrating "" more naturalistic elements "" , such as undulating terrains and plants , into the platform , says a spokeswoman . Now that the environment is open , the company hopes that other researchers will help to make the environments more challenging for the algorithms . "" By open-sourcing it , we are allowing the wider research community to get involved in shaping this , "" she says . <p> OpenAI 's meta-platform , Universe , takes things even further . By providing multiple , radically different environments for the same AI to sample , it could help to attack one of the hardest problems in the field : creating algorithms that can use previous experience when faced with new situations . For instance , deep neural networks , which mimic the layers of brain cells in the visual cortex , can quite quickly learn to navigate a 3D maze , but can not transfer the knowledge to navigate another maze . "" If you change the colour of the maze , the system is completely lost , "" says @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> Microsoft is now working to make Malmo available through Universe . "" Having a community platform will accelerate everyone , "" says Greg Brockman , co-founder and chief technology officer of OpenAI . <p> This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on December 14 , 2016 . <p> Advertisement <p> Report Ad <h> ABOUT THE AUTHOR(S) <p> Davide Castelvecchi <p> Davide Castelvecchi is a senior reporter at Nature in London covering physics , astronomy , mathematics and computer science . <p> Scientific American is part of Springer Nature , which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications ( many of them can be found at **25;163;TOOLONG ) . Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers ."
"<h> What could drive humans to extinction ? <p> The scene opens on a sparse , gray landscape , a gnarled tree in the foreground , bits of ash slowly drifting down from the sky . On the horizon , a few huddled figures stumble forward and into a bleak future . If this sounds familiar , it 's because it 's a common visual trope in many post-apocalyptic films . Usually , these films tell the story of a catastrophe -- an asteroid strike perhaps , or a nuclear war -- that causes humanity 's demise , and then follows the challenges that the remaining humans face as they try to save their species from extinction . <p> Such films grip the public imagination . But what if human extinction was less a cinematic scenario , and instead , a looming reality ? That might seem like a sensational question , but in fact , dozens of researchers around the world spend their days grappling with this very possibility , and how we might avoid it . <p> Their task is n't easy . There are multiple theories around what might ultimately cause human extinction -- everything from @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ investigating this question , there 's a general consensus that some risks to human life are more plausible than others . In the field , researchers have a name for these : They call them "" existential risks . "" What follows here is just a sampling -- a few of the risks that researchers have at the top of their minds . <h> Nuclear war <p> An existential risk is different to what we might think of as a "" regular "" hazard or threat , explained Luke Kemp , a research associate at the Centre for the Study of Existential Risk at Cambridge University in the United Kingdom . Kemp studies historical civilizational collapse and the risk posed by climate change in the present day . "" A risk in the typical terminology is supposed to be composed of a hazard , a vulnerability and an exposure , "" he told Live Science . "" You can think about this in terms of an asteroid strike . So the hazard itself is the asteroid . The vulnerability is our inability to stop it from occurring -- the lack @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ fact that it actually hits the Earth in some way , shape or form . "" <p> Take nuclear war , which history and popular culture have etched onto our minds as one of the biggest potential risks to human survival . Our vulnerability to this threat grows if countries produce highly-enriched uranium , and as political tensions between nations escalate . That vulnerability determines our exposure . <p> As is the case for all existential risks , there are n't hard estimates available on how much of Earth 's population a nuclear firestorm might eliminate . But it 's expected that the effects of a large-scale nuclear winter -- the period of freezing temperatures and limited food production that would follow a war , caused by a smoky nuclear haze blocking sunlight from reaching the Earth -- would be profound . "" From most of the modeling I 've seen , it would be absolutely horrendous . It could lead to the death of large swathes of humanity . But it seems unlikely that it by itself would lead to extinction . "" Kemp said . <h> Pandemics <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ researchers up at night . This is technology that harnesses biology to make new products . One in particular concerns Cassidy Nelson : the abuse of biotechnology to engineer deadly , quick-spreading pathogens . "" I worry about a whole range of different pandemic scenarios . But I do think the ones that could be man-made are possibly the greatest threat we could have from biology this century , "" she said . <p> As acting co-lead of the biosecurity team at the Future of Humanity Institute at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom , Nelson researches biosecurity issues that face humanity , such as new infectious diseases , pandemics and biological weapons . She recognizes that a pathogen that 's been specifically engineered to be as contagious and deadly as possible could be far more damaging than a natural pathogen , potentially dispatching large swathes of Earth 's population in limited time . "" Nature is pretty phenomenal at coming up with pathogens through natural selection . It 's terrible when it does . But it does n't have this kind of direct ' intent , ' @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ you had a bad actor who intentionally tried to design a pathogen to have as much negative impact as possible , through how contagious it was , and how deadly it was . "" <p> But despite the fear that might create -- especially in our currently pandemic-stricken world -- she believes that the probability that this would occur is slim . ( It 's also worth mentioning that all evidence points to the fact that COVID-19 was n't created in a lab . ) While the scientific and technological advances are steadily lowering the threshold for people to be able to do this , "" that also means that our capabilities for doing something about it are rising gradually , "" she said . "" That gives me a sense of hope , that if we could actually get on top of it , that risk balance could go in our favor . "" Still , the magnitude of the potential threat keeps researchers ' attention trained on this risk . <h> From climate change to AI <p> A tour of the threats to human survival can hardly exclude @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ decline and extinction of multiple species across the planet . Could it hurl humanity toward the same fate ? <p> The accompaniments to climate change -- food insecurity , water scarcity , and extreme weather events -- are set to increasingly threaten human survival , at regional scales . But looking to the future , climate change is also what Kemp described as an "" existential risk multiplier "" at global scales , meaning that it amplifies other threats to humanity 's survival . "" It does appear to have all these relationships to both conflict as well as political change , which just makes the world a much more dangerous place to be . "" Imagine : food or water scarcity intensifying international tensions , and triggering nuclear wars with potentially enormous human fatalities . <p> This way of thinking about extinction highlights the interconnectedness of existential risks . As Kemp hinted before , it 's unlikely that a mass extinction event would result from a single calamity like a nuclear war or pandemic . Rather , history shows us that most civilizational collapses are driven by several interwoven @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the rapid annihilation of everyone on Earth -- is just one way it could play out . <p> A catastrophic event might leave only a few hundred or thousand survivors on Earth , which would bring humanity 's viability , as a species , into question . Alternatively , a collapse could wipe out only a segment of humanity , but consequently trigger global insecurity and conflict , reduce our resilience to other threats , setting in motion a more gradual decline . "" We 're not talking about a single idea of what an extinction would look like , or how it would unfold . It 's more nuanced than that , "" Kemp explained . <p> There 's another angle to this as well : an existential risk to humanity does n't necessarily have to threaten our survival in order to be counted . A risk might be one that curtails our potential as a species -- whether that 's our capacity to become a space- faring race , or to reach a certain level of technological dominion . "" In some ways , that 's almost as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Nelson . In other words , it shatters our idea of humanity 's purpose -- which some might argue , is to progress . One prominent risk that fits into this category is artificial intelligence : researchers philosophize that intelligent robots , unintentionally unleashed on the world , might impose widespread surveillance on humans , or outpace us physically and mentally . That would usurp our dominance on the planet , and for many , could fundamentally alter the idea of what it means to be a human . <h> Humanity itself ? <p> However wide-ranging these risks are , they all have one thing in common : humans play a key role in determining the severity of these risks . So what if humans are their own biggest extinction risk ? <h> RELATED MYSTERIES <p> That 's a focus of Sabin Roman 's research . As a research associate at the Centre for the Study of Existential Risk , he models societal evolution and collapse , looking at past civilizations including the Roman Empire and Easter Island . As Roman sees it , the majority of existential risks are @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ they produce . In his view , humanity 's attraction to continuous growth leads to exploitation , planetary destruction and conflict . Ironically , that only increases some of the biggest threats we face today , and our vulnerability to them . "" A bit too much hinges on perpetual economic growth . If we tried to optimize something else , that would be good ! "" he said . <p> He likens our civilization to a line of dominos , where the risk is n't so much the nudge that starts the cascade -- it 's vulnerability to that threat . "" The domino line is very vulnerable to any perturbation , "" Roman said . "" If we actually want to change something , there 's very little realistic impact we can have on external factors . It 's more our internal functioning as a society that can change . "" <p> Kemp agrees with this logic : "" When people ask me , ' What 's the biggest existential risk facing humankind ? ' I tend to strive for a curveball in response : poor international cooperation @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ why studying humanity 's potential demise is a pragmatic pursuit : it can illuminate humanity 's own role in hastening the threat , and its potential to scale it down . Nelson believes that the importance of this challenge means we should be ramping up research on existential threats . "" We need more people working on this , and more institutions with more resources to do so . "" <p> So , is that vision in the apocalyptic film the one that awaits humanity ? We have no accurate predictions or simple answers about our fate here on Earth . But looking back at collapsed societies , one thing Roman 's sure of is that humans have never been better equipped to protect ourselves . "" The thing that 's different with us is we can actually learn from all those past lessons , "" Roman said . "" The opportunity to learn is enormous . """
"<h> Abstract <p> Cues sent by political elites are known to influence public attitudes and behavior . Polarization in elite rhetoric may hinder effective responses to public health crises , when accurate information and rapid behavioral change can save lives . We examine polarization in cues sent to the public by current members of the U.S. House and Senate during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic , measuring polarization as the ability to correctly classify the partisanship of tweets ' authors based solely on the text and the dates they were sent . We find that Democrats discussed the crisis more frequently -- emphasizing threats to public health and American workers , while Republicans placed greater emphasis on China and businesses . Polarization in elite discussion of the COVID-19 pandemic peaked in mid-February -- weeks after the first confirmed case in the United States -- and continued into March . These divergent cues correspond with a partisan divide in the public 's early reaction to the crisis . <h> Introduction <p> In democratic countries , the public is highly responsive to cues sent by political elites ( 1 , 2 ) , whose messages can encourage unity or deepen @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ for reliable information , it is especially important that elites present a unified message during a crisis . Elites sent such a unified message after the September 11th terrorist attacks , when Republican and Democratic lawmakers issued joint statements reassuring Americans they were safe and promising rapid retaliation ( 3 ) . However , the high levels of partisan polarization observed today among both elites and the mass public in the United States ( 4 -- 6 ) can lead to a fractured national response as elites send conflicting cues to citizens who are inclined to only be receptive to the messages of co-partisans ( 7 ) . And once initial opinions based on these messages are formed , they may be difficult to update with subsequent factual information ( 8 ) . <p> COVID-19 presents the greatest public health threat and economic challenge in modern history , with the United States having the fastest rate of growth in cases among industrialized nations as of this writing ( 9 ) . The severity of this crisis is particularly sensitive to public opinion given that behavioral change at the individual level @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . Given the high levels of polarization in the American electorate , citizens are less likely to change their behavior in ways that correspond to the consensus of public health experts if there is not a political consensus that such changes are necessary ( 10 ) . <p> Here , we investigate polarization in elite cues on COVID-19 with a comprehensive dataset of tweets about the virus sent by members of the ( current ) 116th United States Congress between January 17 , 2020 -- the date of the first mention of the virus by a member -- and March 31 , 2020 . Members of Congress frequently use Twitter to communicate their political positions ( 11 ) and directly engage with voters ( 12 ) . Following recent work on discourse polarization in Congress ( 13 ) , we operationalize polarization as the degree to which one can correctly classify the partisanship of a speaker based on a "" unit of speech "" -- in this case , the text contained in a tweet about the issue . The greater one 's ability to identify the partisanship of a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , the greater the polarization . <h> Materials and Methods <p> To systematically monitor the polarization of the political elite 's response to the COVID-19 pandemic , we begin with a list of Twitter handles associated with members of the 116th United States Congress . This includes all official member accounts from a list maintained by C-SPAN , as well as any verified account associated with a member that averaged at least one tweet per day at the time of collection and did not indicate in the profile information that the account was for campaign purposes or managed by staff . These additions are necessary because some members operate multiple accounts , and the unofficial account is often more prominent than the official one in these cases . We then merged these handles with data on members ' partisanship and ideology and collected their timelines via Twitter 's REST API . In order to identify tweets about the COVID-19 pandemic , we developed a set of dictionaries regarding sub-topics related to the crisis ( details in the Supplementary Materials ) . <p> After flagging COVID-19-related tweets , we apply a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ) ; tokenize to unigrams , bigrams , and trigrams ; omit tokens that appear extremely frequently or infrequently ; and train a random forest machine learning algorithm on a randomly-sampled majority of the tweets using the text features and the dates they were sent . Random forests are advantageous in this context because they can account for non-linear interactions in token usage that are difficult to capture using traditional parametric approaches ( see the Supplementary Materials for a comparison ) . We then use this model to predict the partisan affiliation of the remaining tweets . This out-of-sample classification accuracy is taken as our measure of discourse polarization , as is established in the literature ( 13 ) . <h> Results <p> We find that members of Congress quickly polarized along party lines in their communications regarding the crisis . Not only did members of each party differ in how they discussed the issue , but Democrats tended to discuss the issue earlier and with more frequency . From January 17 through March 31 , Democrats sent 19,803 tweets about COVID-19 while Republican members issued only 11,084 , or @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . We see these trends clearly in Figs. 1a , with the first panel showing cumulative tweets from Democratic and Republican members of Congress about COVID-19 . The difference in cumulative tweets between Democratic and Republicans politicians became more pronounced after the CDC identified the first case of community spread in California and this gulf continued to increase following the declaration of a national emergency . The differential emphasis on the issue itself , independent of differences in word usage , suggests that Democratic members were sending earlier and stronger signals to their constituents that they should be concerned about the crisis . <p> Fig. 1Cumulative tweet count and absolute difference in the proportions of words used by party . <p> Plot ( a ) shows the cumulative count of deaths ( 9 ) , and COVID-19 related tweets by party over time . Notably , Congressional Democrats discussed COVID-19 significantly more during the crisis . Plot ( b ) displays the 15 largest absolute differences in words most frequently used by Democrats and Republicans . Compared to Democrats , Republicans more frequently discuss China , business interests , and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ public health and aid to workers . <p> In addition to differences in the volume of communications about the crisis , there are also mean- ingful differences in the substantive content of the signals that members of each party were sending to constituents . Figure 1b displays the greatest absolute difference in words used by Democratic and Republican members of Congress ( e.g. , the word "" health "" was used in 26 percent of Democratic and 15 percent of Republican tweets ) . The words most frequently used by Democrats concern public health and direct aid to workers ( e.g. , health , leave , testing ) while the words most frequently used by Republicans concern national unity , China , and business ( e.g. , together , United States , China , businesses ) . <p> We find further evidence of polarization in elite communication regarding the COVID-19 pan- demic using a combination of natural language processing and machine learning techniques , which enable us to correctly classify the partisanship of 76% of tweets based solely on the text features they contain and the dates they were sent @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ appending the dates each tweet was sent ( coded as the number of days since January 1 ) , we hold out a random sample of 30% of the data as a test set and train a random forest on the remaining 70% . This process is repeated over 15 folds of cross-validation to account for sensitivity to observations falling on either side of the training/testing split . Following recent work in this area ( 13 ) , the proportion of tweets in the test sets that are correctly labeled as being sent by either a Democrat or Republican are used to derive our estimates of language-based polarization . <p> Partisan polarization is not constant over time , however . Initially low , it quickly and sharply increased , and only slightly lessened as the severity of the crisis has become undeniable . Figure 2a shows that in the first full week after the first mention of COVID-19 , accuracy is relatively low -- indicating little polarization . However , polarization quickly rises , peaking during the week beginning February 9 -- roughly two weeks after the first reported case @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ begun to have devastating effects in multiple peer democracies . From there , polarization declines slightly in early-to-mid March before rising again later in the month as the parties debated the various relief packages designed to mitigate the economic damage caused by the pandemic . <p> Plot ( a ) k-fold prediction out of sample by week . Classification accuracy increases over time . This suggests that Democratic and Republican members of Congress are becoming more polarized over time . Plot ( b ) displays the increases political ideology of members of Congress by the median predicted probability of their test set tweets being authored by a Republican . Plot ( c ) displays rates of recall ( recovery of true cases ) by party . The lower bound is the naive probability of correctly classifying a Republican or Democratic member as such based solely on prevalence in the test sets , the upper bound displays the observed rate of recall , and the shaded area represents the increase in recall above the no-information rate . <p> Overall , the tweets members of Congress have sent about COVID-19 are highly @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ This is seen in Fig. 2b , which identifies the median tweet for each member in the test set in terms of predicted probability that the tweet was authored by a Republican , and plots that against that member 's DW-NOMINATE score , a standard left/right scaling of congressional voting behavior ( 14 ) . The band in the figure marks the range of partisan overlap -- from the Democrat with the highest median predicted probability of having authored a tweet sent by a Republican to the Republican with the lowest median probability . In total , 69% of members fall outside this range , suggesting their tweets are more partisan than those of the most similar member of the other party . Were there full political consensus throughout the entire period such that text features were in expectation uninformative for partisanship , this band would encompass all or nearly all members . <p> Much of the variation in polarization is attributable to changes in how Republican members discuss the issue : Beginning in early March , they adopt less distinctive language and become more difficult to classify . We @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of recall ( the proportion of Democratic and Republican members who are correctly identified as such ) against the "" no- information "" rate that would expect to achieve by flipping a coin weighted to the share of tweets in the test sets sent by Republicans or Democrats , respectively . Rates of recall for Republican members are higher above the no-information rate earlier in the period , while Democratic rates of recall are high throughout . To be clear , it is not the case that Republicans are sending no meaningful partisan signals in later weeks such that the model predicts every tweet is sent by a Democrat -- in that case , the rate of recall for Republican members would be zero . This does mean , however , that tweets sent by Republicans in earlier weeks are more distinctive -- i.e. , easier to separate from tweets sent by Democrats -- than those sent in later weeks . <h> Discussion <p> These results highlight the degree to which a political consensus regarding the COVID-19 pan- demic failed to quickly materialize in the United States . A society @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of the nature and scale of COVID-19 depends in large part on its political leadership . This is apparent on two levels : First , the scale of the governmental response required to mitigate the impacts of this pandemic makes this as much a political crisis as a public health one ; second , the public 's reliance on elite cues and the necessity of widespread changes in individual behavior to slow the spread of disease puts abnormally high pressure on elected officials to send consistent and accurate cues regarding how citizens should think about and react to the crisis . The set of elected officials we analyze here -- members of Congress -- have not signaled consensus . <p> Our analysis of tweets sent by members of Congress during the early months of the outbreak indicate that members quickly polarized around the issue , with Democrats discussing the issue earlier , more frequently , and with more emphasis on public health and direct aid to affected workers . By contrast , Republicans placed more emphasis on generalized national unity , China , and businesses . Our overall classification accuracy @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ range of partisan overlap we identify on the issue -- provides further evidence of a substantial partisan divide in how COVID-19 is discussed . This rate is similar to the results derived from an analysis of recent floor speeches in Congress ( 13 ) , and is considerable given the relative brevity of each "" unit of speech "" represented in a tweet . This suggests that the response to the current crisis has followed recent patterns of polarization seen in political communication more generally . Party elites have become polarized on an increasing number of issue areas ( 15 ) , including topics that lack a clear ideological dimension ( 16 ) . And while policy debates in Congress are often driven by the most extreme legislators ( 17 ) , the speed with which polarization occurred around COVID-19 is notable , particularly in the absence of obvious pressure from party activists ( 15 ) . <p> The divergent cues sent by Congressional Democrats and Republicans correspond with a par- tisan divide in the public 's early reaction to the crisis , with self-identified Democrats reporting significantly more behavioral @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the pandemic ( 18 ) . While directly identifying linkages between the two phenomena is beyond the scope of this work , we note the vast literature in political science highlighting the importance of partisan and elite cues for anchoring citizens ' political attitudes and behaviors ( 1 , 2 , 19 ) , as well as citizens ' particular attentiveness to trusted elites during times of crisis ( 20 ) . The counterfactual state in which partisan elites formed a consensus regarding the public health crisis and sent clear , consistent cues to that effect would almost certainly have led to more consistent changes in behavior on the part of the public -- and in turn , a slower spread of the disease . This underscores the urgency by which political leaders must develop a bipartisan consensus consistent with public health recommendations if they intend to effectively respond to the COVID-19 pandemic . <h> Supplementary Materials <p> This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons **25;2035;TOOLONG license , which permits use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , so long as the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ original work is properly cited . <p> ACKNOWLEDGMENTS We would like to thank the Ohio Supercomputer Center for use of the machine and for giving this COVID-19 related research queue priority . We would also like to thank The Ohio State University Political Science workshop and the Lazer Lab at Northeastern University for helpful feedback and suggestions . Funding : S.J.C. graciously acknowledges NIDA R-34 DA043079-01A1 . Author contributions : All authors conceived of the research . J.G. led data collection . J.G. , D.N. , J.E. , and K.S. led dictionary construction . J.G. built the models . J.E. , J.G. , and K.S. led data visualization . All authors contributed to the interpretation of results and the writing of the paper . Competing interests : . The authors declare no competing interests . Data and materials availability : All data and code needed to evaluate the conclusions of the paper are available on the Harvard Dataverse at https : **28;2062;TOOLONG"
"<h> Abstract <p> Motor learning involves reorganization of the primary motor cortex ( M1 ) . However , it remains unclear how the involvement of M1 in movement control changes during long-term learning . To address this , we trained mice in a forelimb-based motor task over months and performed optogenetic inactivation and two-photon calcium imaging in M1 during the long-term training . We found that M1 inactivation impaired the forelimb movements in the early and middle stages , but not in the late stage , indicating that the movements that initially required M1 became independent of M1 . As previously shown , M1 population activity became more consistent across trials from the early to middle stage while task performance rapidly improved . However , from the middle to late stage , M1 population activity became again variable despite consistent expert behaviors . This later decline in activity consistency suggests dissociation between M1 and movements . These findings suggest that long-term motor learning can disengage M1 from movement control . <h> INTRODUCTION <p> Motor learning is supported by reorganization of motor circuits . Central to this process is the primary motor cortex ( M1 ) , where many types of changes have been described during motor learning ( 1 , 2 ) . For example , longitudinal imaging studies have established the high degree of spatiotemporal specificity of the formation and elimination of dendritic spines in M1 during motor learning ( 3 -- 7 ) . In addition to structural changes , it has been shown that synaptic plasticity such as long-term potentiation occurs in M1 during motor learning ( 8 ) . These synaptic changes likely contribute to changes in the activity pattern of M1 , leading to an improvement in the generated movements . Longitudinal recordings of M1 neural ensembles have consistently revealed that motor learning induces changes in the spatiotemporal activity pattern of M1 neurons during the production of learned movements ( 6 , 9 -- 12 ) . <p> These previous studies largely focused on the early stage of learning during which behavioral performance rapidly improves . However , motor learning evolves through multiple stages ( 13 , 14 ) . The early stage that accompanies a rapid and overt improvement of performance is followed by a later stage during which extensive training may not result in obvious improvements in generated movements but can lead to a more effortless execution of the learned movement ( 13 ) . It remains unknown how the later stage of learning affects the involvement of M1 in movement control . Here , we consider two possible scenarios during these two stages of motor learning . For one , it is possible that the M1 activity pattern that is acquired during the early stage as described above is maintained , and the stable performance in the later stage remains under M1 control and involves a stable M1 activity pattern . Alternatively , the later stage may involve additional changes in M1 activity and/or changes in M1 contribution to movement control , although there are little overt changes in behavior . <p> Here , we examined the involvement of M1 in movement control during motor learning and prolonged training over months by applying optogenetic inactivation and two-photon calcium imaging during long-term training in a forelimb motor task in mice . We found that the exact same inactivation protocol had markedly different effects on movements depending on the learning stage . Furthermore , longitudinal imaging uncovered a biphasic evolution of M1 activity patterns . The change during the later phase occurred , although the expert-level performance was maintained . These results indicate that the involvement of M1 in movements dynamically changes over the course of long-term learning . <h> RESULTS <p> To investigate the involvement of M1 in movement control throughout initial motor learning and subsequent prolonged training , we trained mice in a joystick press task daily for 60 days ( n = 12 mice ) . In this task , head-fixed mice grabbed a joystick with their left forepaw and were required to press it into a target zone in a two-dimensional space after the auditory go cue to receive a water reward ( 100 trials per daily session ; Fig. 1A and Materials and Methods ) . As training progressed , the success rate ( i.e. , the fraction of successful trials ) increased rapidly within the first few sessions and stabilized at 95 ? 5.6% ( mean ? SD ) after session 20 ( Fig. 1B ) . Furthermore , the time required to acquire a reward in successful trials ( i.e. , duration from the go cue to target entry ) decreased over training ( Fig. 1B ) . Therefore , over time , mice learned to attain the behavioral goal more reliably and rapidly in the joystick task , important criteria for motor learning . <p> ( A ) The joystick task setup . The mouse is required to move the joystick into the target upon the auditory go cue to receive a water reward . ( B ) The success rate ( i.e. , fraction of trials that acquired reward over all trials ; left ) and time required to acquire reward ( right ) as a function of training day . Mean ? SEM ( n = 12 mice ) . P values are from two-sided pairwise comparison between the average values in the early ( days 1 to 3 ) and late learning stages ( days 50 to 60 ) . ( C ) Variability of movement onset time ( left ) and movement duration ( right ) as a function of training day . SDs were used to measure variability . ( D ) Joystick movement trajectories from three different training days of a single mouse . Thirty trials in each condition are shown . ( E ) Trial-to-trial movement trajectory correlation as a function of training day . ( F ) Trial-to-trial trajectory correlation between two training days , averaged across 12 mice . The diagonal squares represent the trial-to-trial correlation within single training days plotted in ( E ) . <p> In addition to the improvement in the task performance as described above , daily training led to an increased stereotypy of movements , which is another sign of motor learning ( 15 ) . For example , the movement onset time became more consistent across trials , and the duration from movement onset to target entry also became more regular ( Fig. 1C ) . Furthermore , the trajectories of movements , measured by the two-dimensional joystick position , became more similar from trial to trial within and across days ( Fig. 1 , D to F ) . Thus , both the task performance and the stereotypy of task-relevant kinematics improved with training in the joystick task , indicating motor learning . <p> The task performance and movement consistency measures did not improve at a constant rate over the 60-day training . Instead , they rapidly improved in the first phase of training , and the improvement was maintained in the subsequent phase . We defined the expert level of behavior , separately for each mouse , based on their mean ( ? ) and SD ( s ) of each measure of performance and consistency in the final 10 training days . When all five measures ( i.e. , success rate , time to reward , movement onset time variability , movement duration variability , and trial-to-trial movement correlation ) reached within 1s from ? for three consecutive days , we declared that the mouse reached its expert level . We found that the expert level was achieved in 23 ? 4 days ( mean ? SEM ) across 12 mice . <p> It has been shown that , in some conditions , prolonged training can transform goal-directed movements into habitual responses , such that the responses after long-term training become less sensitive to the availability or value of reward ( 16 ) . To test whether the joystick press movements became habitual after the 60-day training , we performed two additional experiments . First , after 60 days of training , mice were placed on ad lib water for 5 days to devalue the water reward . These satiated mice did not perform the task ( fig . S1A ) . Second , during the task performance of the expert mice , we omitted the reward in 20 successive trials . During these reward omission trials , mice quickly reduced the rate of responses ( fig . S1B ) . These results indicate that , despite the long-term training and high level of performance , the joystick press movements in our task remained goal directed even after 60 days of training . <h> M1-dependent movements can become M1 independent after prolonged training <p> To directly examine the involvement of M1 in movement control at different learning stages , we compared the effects of M1 inactivation on joystick press movements at three different learning stages : early , middle , and late . Early inactivation was performed during days 4 to 8 , middle inactivation during days 20 to 25 , and late inactivation during days 61 to 69 after 60 days of training ( Fig. 2A ) . The middle stage was chosen to overlap with the average time period in which mice reached their expert level as described above ( day 23 ? 4 ) . Inactivation was induced by optogenetically activating parvalbumin ( PV ) -- positive inhibitory neurons ( Materials and Methods ; fig . S2 ) ( 6 , 17 ) . PV neurons in M1 were activated by blue light-emitting diode ( LED ) light directed into the bilateral cranial windows over M1 on inactivation days ( Fig. 2B ) . Using this technique , we inactivated M1 from the trial onset in a subset ( 12% ) of randomly interleaved trials . Although the cortical control of forelimb movements is believed to be driven predominantly by the contralateral hemisphere , it has been suggested that the ipsilateral side is also involved ( 18 ) , especially when the contralateral side is lesioned ( 19 , 20 ) . Thus , to examine the necessity of M1 as a whole , we applied bilateral inactivation . To address any nonspecific light effects , we interleaved "" head-bar control days "" in which the lights were directed at the head bar away from the cranial windows ( Fig. 2B ) . Behaviors in the light-off trials were generally equivalent between the head-bar control and M1 inactivation days in all learning stages ( fig . S3 ) . In the analyses hereafter , we compared behaviors in light-on trials between head-bar control and M1 inactivation days to assess M1 inactivation effects . <p> ( A ) Inactivation/head-bar control experiments in the early ( days 1 to 9 ) , mid ( days 19 to 26 ) , or late learning stage ( days 61 to 69 ) . ( B ) M1 inactivation and head-bar control days were randomly interleaved in each learning stage . The blue LED light was turned on in randomly selected trials ( 12% ) in each day . These light-on trials in the inactivation and head-bar days are referred to as inactivation and control trials , respectively , in the following comparisons . ( C ) The success rate and the fraction of trials in which mice made no movements out of all trials , in control versus inactivation trials , at the early , middle , and late learning stage . Thin lines represent individual mice , and thick lines represent medians across mice . Two-sided pairwise comparison between control and inactivation trials within each learning stage are displayed . For the effect size comparison between different learning stages , one-sided unpaired comparison was performed on the differences between control and inactivation trials in each stage . n.s. , not significant . ( D ) Inactivation-induced changes ( inactivation - control ) in the success rate and the fraction of no movements out of all trials . The circles represent individual mice . The edges of the boxes mark the 25th and 75th percentiles , the whiskers extend to the most extreme nonoutlier data points , and the red lines indicate the medians across mice . The same statistical tests as in ( C ) are displayed . ( E ) Inactivation effects on trials in which mice initiated movements . The fraction of trials that mice initiated a movement but failed to reach the target , movement onset time , and peak velocity in control versus inactivation trials at the three learning stages . ( F ) Inactivation-induced changes in the fraction of failure , movement onset time , and peak velocity in all initiated movements . <p> Inactivation in the early stage of training ( n = 13 mice ) resulted in a severe impairment in the performance of the joystick task as indicated by the significantly reduced success rate ( Fig. 2 , C and D ) . We further characterized the impairment by categorizing failed trials into two types : Mice did not move the joystick or mice initiated a movement but failed to reach the target . Mice in the early stage , under M1 inactivation , did not initiate a joystick movement in a larger fraction of trials than control ( "" Fraction no movements , "" Fig. 2 , C and D ) . This result alone could indicate that M1 is only important for initiation of a movement . However , in the remainder of trials in which they initiated a movement under M1 inactivation , they failed to move the joystick into the target zone in a majority of the trials ( "" Fraction failed , "" Fig. 2 , E and F ) . Furthermore , the onset timing of initiated movements was significantly delayed , and the peak velocity of the movements was also significantly reduced compared to control trials ( Fig. 2 , E and F ) . These results indicate that the normal production of the joystick movements in the task relies on M1 during the early stage of training , which is consistent with previous studies that examined the effects of M1 inactivation on forelimb movements in mice ( 6 , 21 , 22 ) . <p> We also examined the successful movements that entered the target in inactivated trials , although these trials were rare ( 3.6% of all trials , because inactivation was only in 12% of trials ) . We found that the kinematics of these successful movements in inactivated trials were significantly different from successful movements in control trials . Under M1 inactivation , the peak velocity of the movement was reduced , and the length of the path traveled from the origin to the target was elongated compared to control movements ( Fig. 3 , A and B ) . These results indicate that , even when mice were able to reach the target under M1 inactivation , the mice were not able to move the joystick as fast or directly to the target as in control trials . Furthermore , the mice often needed multiple attempts to reach the target , as the initial attempts often failed and , consequently , movement duration from movement onset to target entry increased ( Fig. 3 , A and B ) . Therefore , even in successful trials , M1 inactivation in the early learning stage impaired the ability of the mice to produce efficient movements . <p> Fig. 3M1 inactivation affects successful movements and grips on the joystick at the early stage . <p> ( A ) Inactivation effects on movements that successfully entered the target . The peak velocity , path length , number of attempts to reach the target , and movement duration , in control versus inactivation trials , at the three learning stages . Mice that did not make any successful movement under inactivation were excluded from this analysis . Two-sided pairwise comparison between control and inactivation trials within each learning stage are displayed . For the effect size comparison between different learning stages , one-sided unpaired comparison was performed on the differences between control and inactivation trials in each stage . ( B ) Inactivation-induced changes in the peak velocity , path length , number of attempts , and movement duration of all movements that successfully entered the target . The same statistical tests as in ( A ) are displayed . ( C ) Example frames from videography showing the forepaw ( red arrowhead ) and the joystick ( blue arrowhead ) during a control trial ( top ) and an inactivation trial ( bottom ) during the early stage of learning . ( D ) The fraction of trials in which mice lost their grip on the joystick , in control versus inactivation trials , at the three learning stages . ( E ) Inactivation-induced changes in the fraction of trials in which mice lost their grip on the joystick . <p> In addition to the errors and altered kinematics described above that are evident from the examination of the joystick position , we also noticed from visual inspection that M1 inactivation in the early learning stage often caused mice to lose their grip on the joystick ( Fig. 3C ) . To quantify this effect , we performed video recording of the forelimb movements in a subset of mice ( n = 5 mice ) during their task performance . These video recordings were analyzed post hoc by a published method based on deep learning ( 23 ) to track the positions of the joystick and the paw . Using the tracked positions , we quantified the fraction of trials in which mice lost their grip on the joystick ( Materials and Methods ) . We found that M1 inactivation in the early learning stage significantly increased the fraction of these trials ( Fig. 3 , D to E ) . Together , the variety of measures presented here consistently indicate that the efficient production of movements involving grabbing and moving the joystick during the early stage of training heavily relies on M1 activity . <p> In stark contrast to the substantial impairment of movements in the early stage , we did not observe any significant impairment associated with M1 inactivation in the late stage of training ( n = 13 mice ) . Under late inactivation , mice still initiated movements and successfully entered the target in almost all trials ( Fig. 2 , C and D ) . Furthermore , M1 inactivation did not significantly alter the movement onset time , peak velocity , path length , number of attempts , or movement duration ( Figs. 2 , E and F , and 3 , A and B ) . The analysis of videography also indicated that M1 inactivation did not cause the loss of grip of the joystick ( n = 6 ; Fig. 3 , D and E ) . In addition to the lack of significance in these measures , the effect size was significantly different between early and late inactivation in all but one measure . Overall , the movements made under inactivation in the late stage were not distinguishable from the movements in the control trials . Therefore , the movements that initially required M1 for execution became independent of M1 activity after long-term training . <p> Last , we examined how inactivating M1 affects movements in the middle stage of learning when animals just reached the expert level of performance and movement consistency . M1 inactivation in the middle stage significantly changed the success rate , movement onset time , and movement peak velocity , similar to the early-stage inactivation ( Fig. 2 , C to F ) . That is , mice failed to reach the target more frequently , delayed movement initiation , and moved more slowly when M1 was inactivated in the middle stage of learning compared to the control trials at the same stage . However , it is notable that the effect size was significantly reduced in most measures compared to the early stage , such as the fraction of no movements , fraction of failed movements , and peak velocity ( Fig. 2 , C to F ) . Movements that successfully entered the target did not show a significant difference between inactivation and control trials in the middle stage , except for the peak velocity ( Fig. 3 , A and B ) . Therefore , although M1 inactivation in the middle stage impaired the execution of movements significantly , the effect size was reduced compared to the early-stage inactivation , indicating that M1 dependence of movements decreased from the early to middle stage of learning . <p> A subset of mice in the middle-stage ( n = 2 ) or late-stage ( n = 6 ) inactivation groups were also used in the early stage inactivation experiment , raising a possibility that the smaller inactivation effects in later stages might be mediated by these mice , via some compensatory mechanisms acquired from their earlier experience of inactivation . However , this seems unlikely because we observed decreasing inactivation effects even in mice without a prior experience of inactivation ( fig . S4 ) . Together , we found that M1 inactivation effects on movements gradually decrease from the early to middle and to late learning stages to the extent that movements after long-term training can be produced normally even when M1 is inactivated . <h> M1 activity exhibits biphasic evolution during long-term learning <p> To examine how M1 activity may change while its involvement in movements declines with learning , we performed longitudinal two-photon calcium imaging during the joystick task over the course of 60-day training ( n = 5 ; Fig. 4A ) . Similar to the larger set of mice shown in Fig. 1 , task performance and kinematic stereotypy of the imaged mice also exhibited improvement with training ( Fig. 4B ) . The imaged mice reached their expert levels in 24 ? 5 days ( mean ? SD ) , similar to the larger set ( 23 ? 4 days ) . Accordingly , behaviors after day 19 were significantly better than the beginning of training ( days 1 to 3 ) but similar to the end of training ( days 50 to 60 ) in all but one measure ( Fig. 4B ) . <p> Fig. 4M1 population activity consistency evolves in two phases over long-term training . <p> ( A ) Longitudinal imaging of the neurons in the same field in M1 over the course of 60-day training in the joystick task . ( B ) Task performance and movement consistency during the 60-day training in the imaging mice : the success rate , time required to acquire reward , variability of movement onset time , variability of movement duration , and trial-by-trial movement trajectory correlation as a function of training day , from left to right . Mean ? SEM ( n = 5 mice ) . The three shaded regions correspond to days 1 to 3 , 19 to 29 , and 50 to 60 , respectively . Two-sided pairwise comparison for each pair of learning stages is displayed . ( C ) The imaging fields from training days 3 , 21 , 40 , and 60 of a single mouse . ( D ) The SNR and the number of neurons in the imaging field as a function of training day . Mean ? SEM ( n = 5 mice ) . The blue , green , and red shaded regions correspond to the early , middle , and late learning stages in the inactivation experiments , respectively . ( E ) Movement trajectory , four single-neuron activity , and whole-population activity ( heat map ) from four example trials in a single day . The vertical lines mark movement onset . The trajectory and single neuron activity of trial 1 were superposed in the other trials as a thin red line for comparison . The neurons in the heat map are sorted in the same way in all four trials according to the peak activity time in trial 1 . The three numbers above the heat maps indicate the trial-to-trial population activity correlation for the corresponding trial pairs . ( F ) The trial-to-trial population activity correlation as a function of training day ( bin size : 3 days ) . Thin different colors represent different mice , and the black line represents mean ? SEM ( n = 5 mice ) . The three shaded regions include bins corresponding to the three learning stages in ( D ) . Two-sided pairwise comparison for each pair of learning stages is displayed . <p> Using two-photon calcium imaging , we recorded the activity of layer 2/3 excitatory neurons in the right M1 during the joystick task ( Materials and Methods ) . We repeatedly imaged the same field of neurons every day ( Fig. 4C ) . However , to maximize yield , we analyzed all neurons in the field each day regardless of whether they could be consistently identified across different imaging days . The transgenic expression of GCaMP6s ( CamkIIa-tTA : : tetO-GCaMP6s ) allowed stable longitudinal imaging ( Fig. 4C ) . Here , we sought to compare M1 population activity across the three learning stages at which we examined the effects of M1 inactivation in the earlier section . Similar to the time periods of the inactivation experiments , we defined days 4 to 8 as the early , days 20 to 25 as the middle , and days 50 to 60 as the late stage . During the middle stage , mice reached their expert levels as shown above . <p> We first examined the signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) in each imaging day to check whether the recording quality is stable over time ( Materials and Methods ) . We found no significant changes in SNR , supporting the stability of imaging . The number of analyzed neurons was also not significantly different across the three stages ( Fig. 4D ) . Nevertheless , to avoid potential sample size effects when comparing population activity across different learning stages , we matched the number of neurons across different populations by comparing their subpopulations with 50 randomly selected neurons ( Materials and Methods ) . <p> It has been shown that M1 population activity associated with learned movements becomes gradually more consistent across trials over 2 weeks of training in a task with a one-dimensional lever but otherwise similar to the current joystick task ( 6 ) . That is , the same set of neurons is more reliably recruited for the production of learned movements at a later stage compared to the early stage . This was interpreted as an emergence of neural ensembles in M1 dedicated to the production of the learned movement . To examine this learning-associated change , we computed the correlation coefficient of the population activity for every pair of successful movements in each training day , following the previous method ( Fig. 4E ) . In line with the previous report , we observed that the trial-to-trial correlation of M1 population activity significantly increased in the early phase of training during which task performance and kinematic stereotypy rapidly improved ( comparison between the early and middle stages ; Fig. 4F ) . Unexpectedly , however , the improvement in activity consistency during the early phase of learning was not maintained with prolonged training but instead was followed by a decrease ( comparison between the middle and late stages ; Fig. 4F ) . The reduction of activity consistency occurred despite the sustained expert motor behaviors during these two expert stages ( Fig. 4B ) . <p> To more closely examine the relationship between motor behaviors and M1 population activity , we analyzed the relationship between the correlation of population activity and the correlation of movement trajectories for pairs of successful trials , throughout the course of 60-day training , following a previous method ( Fig. 5A ) ( 6 ) . We observed a general pattern that more similar movements ( i.e. , more correlated movements ) are associated with more similar population activity ( i.e. , more correlated activity ) in all learning stages . However , the similarity of population activity for a given movement similarity was not constant across learning stages ( Fig. 5B ) . Instead , it increased from the early to middle stage and then decreased from the middle to late stage , at all levels of movement similarity ( Fig. 5B ) . In particular , activity consistency for highly similar movements indicates that the relationship between movements and M1 activity shows the least degeneracy during the middle learning stage . <p> ( A ) The relationship between trial-to-trial movement trajectory correlation and population activity correlation over the 60-day training ( bin size : 3 days ) . The x axis represents the movement correlation binned in nine intervals , and the y axis represents the mean population activity in each interval . Thin different colors represent different mice , and the black line represents mean ? SEM ( n = 5 mice ) . ( B ) The evolution of population activity consistency over 60 days for movement pairs with low , middle , and high movement trajectory correlations , from left to right . The three shaded regions are the same as the three learning stages in Fig. 4F . The increase followed by decrease of activity correlation is observed consistently in all groups of movement correlations . ( C ) A model for the evolution of M1 engagement over the course of long-term motor learning . The thickness of the lines between neural activity patterns and movement patterns indicate the degree of M1 dependence of movements inferred from the inactivation experiments . The consistency and degeneracy between activity and movement patterns are derived from the imaging experiments . <p> The decreased consistency and increased degeneracy from the middle to late stage occurred despite the maintained expert performance of joystick movements . To test whether other movements became more variable during these expert stages , which could contribute to the increased variability of M1 activity , we analyzed the licking patterns . Contrary to this possibility , however , we found that licking patterns in our task became more consistent during the prolonged training in the expert stages ( fig . S5 ) . Thus , although we can not exclude the possibility that some unmeasured movements became more variable during the middle to late learning stages , we favor the interpretation that the increased variability of M1 population activity reflects the dissociation of M1 activity from forelimb movement control . <p> Last , we examined how the fraction and activity level of movement-related neurons changed over time ( fig . S6 ) . Movement-related neurons were defined as those with significantly different activity between movement and baseline periods ( Materials and Methods ) . We found that the fraction of movement-related neurons increased in the early phase of learning ( days 1 to 21 , Pearson 's correlation coefficient , r = 0.23 , P &lt; 0.03 ) and then decreased in the later phase ( days 22 to 60 , r = -0.21 , P &lt; 0.01 ) , echoing the biphasic pattern observed in the population activity consistency . We also examined the activity level of the movement-related neurons during each movement . A substantial amount of day-to-day fluctuation was apparent in the movement period activity . Nevertheless , we found a general pattern that the activity of movement-related neurons gradually decreased over the course of the 60-day training ( days 1 to 60 , r = -0.16 , P &lt; 0.01 ) . <p> Together , we found that the early phase of learning accompanied an increased consistency and decreased degeneracy of M1 population activity and an increased fraction of movement-related neurons . However , these changes associated with the early-phase learning were not maintained during the later phase of training , despite maintained motor behaviors . Furthermore , the average activity of movement-related neurons gradually decreased . These changes in M1 activity and the decaying M1 dependence of movements support the notion that the involvement of M1 in movement control dynamically varies with learning stages . <h> DISCUSSION <p> In this study , we found that , in a forelimb motor learning task , M1 is essential for movement control during the early phase of learning , but M1 becomes gradually disengaged from movement control over months of training . These results indicate that the brain contains multiple movement control systems , one involving M1 and another bypassing M1 , and the system bypassing M1 can increasingly take over the control of movements as learning progresses ( Fig. 5C ) . <p> Our longitudinal imaging experiment revealed that M1 population activity showed biphasic changes , while movements became gradually independent of M1 . The early phase involved an improved consistency of population activity and decreased degeneracy in the relationship between M1 activity and movements , but these changes were gradually lost during the later phase , despite the maintained expert-level performance . Several factors could contribute to the improved consistency of population activity during the early phase . First , movements became significantly more consistent during this time period ( Fig. 1 ) . Second , even for equally similar movements , associated population activity became more consistent , i.e. , reduced degeneracy in the relationship between movements and M1 activity ( Fig. 5 ) . Third , well-prepared movements have been shown to accompany less variable activity in M1 , raising a possibility that mice learned to better prepare movements in our task during this early phase ( 24 , 25 ) . <p> The substantial changes in M1 activity during long-term training in the expert stage indicate that , even when there are little overt changes in behavior , the underlying neural control system could be changing . Conversely , although the level of activity consistency in the early and late stages is similarly lower than in the middle stage , motor behaviors greatly differ between the two stages . "
"<p> Thank you for visiting nature.com . You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS . To obtain the best experience , we recommend you use a more up to date browser ( or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer ) . In the meantime , to ensure continued support , we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript . <h> High-performance medicine : the convergence of human and artificial intelligence <h> Subjects <h> Abstract <p> The use of artificial intelligence , and the deep-learning subtype in particular , has been enabled by the use of labeled big data , along with markedly enhanced computing power and cloud storage , across all sectors . In medicine , this is beginning to have an impact at three levels : for clinicians , predominantly via rapid , accurate image interpretation ; for health systems , by improving workflow and the potential for reducing medical errors ; and for patients , by enabling them to process their own data to promote health . The current limitations , including bias , privacy and security , and lack of transparency , along with the future directions of these applications @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ marked improvements in accuracy , productivity , and workflow will likely be actualized , but whether that will be used to improve the patient -- doctor relationship or facilitate its erosion remains to be seen . <h> Main <p> Medicine is at the crossroad of two major trends . The first is a failed business model , with increasing expenditures and jobs allocated to healthcare , but with deteriorating key outcomes , including reduced life expectancy and high infant , childhood , and maternal mortality in the United States1,2 . This exemplifies a paradox that is not at all confined to American medicine : investment of more human capital with worse human health outcomes . The second is the generation of data in massive quantities , from sources such as high-resolution medical imaging , biosensors with continuous output of physiologic metrics , genome sequencing , and electronic medical records . The limits on analysis of such data by humans alone have clearly been exceeded , necessitating an increased reliance on machines . Accordingly , at the same time that there is more dependence than ever on humans to provide healthcare @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ integration of human and artificial intelligence ( AI ) for medicine has barely begun . <p> Looking deeper , there are notable , longstanding deficiencies in healthcare that are responsible for its path of diminishing returns . These include a large number of serious diagnostic errors , mistakes in treatment , an enormous waste of resources , inefficiencies in workflow , inequities , and inadequate time between patients and clinicians3,4 . Eager for improvement , leaders in healthcare and computer scientists have asserted that AI might have a role in addressing all of these problems . That might eventually be the case , but researchers are at the starting gate in the use of neural networks to ameliorate the ills of the practice of medicine . In this Review , I have gathered much of the existing base of evidence for the use of AI in medicine , laying out the opportunities and pitfalls . <h> Artificial intelligence for clinicians <p> Almost every type of clinician , ranging from specialty doctor to paramedic , will be using AI technology , and in particular deep learning , in the future . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ DNNs ) ( Box 1 ) that can help interpret medical scans , pathology slides , skin lesions , retinal images , electrocardiograms , endoscopy , faces , and vital signs . The neural net interpretation is typically compared with physicians ' assessments using a plot of true-positive versus false-positive rates , known as a receiver operating characteristic ( ROC ) , for which the area under the curve ( AUC ) is used to express the level of accuracy ( Box 1 ) . <h> Box 1 Deep learning <p> While the roots of AI date back over 80 years from concepts laid out by Alan Turing204,205 and Warren McCulloch and Walter Pitts206 , it was not until 2012 that the subtype of deep learning was widely accepted as a viable form of AI207 . A deep learning neural network consists of digitized inputs , such as an image or speech , which proceed through multiple layers of connected ' neurons ' that progressively detect features , and ultimately provides an output . By analyzing 1.2 million carefully annotated images from over 15 million in the ImageNet database , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ an unprecedented low error rate for automated image classification . That report , along with Google Brain 's 10 million images from YouTube videos to accurately detect cats , laid the groundwork for future progress . Within 5 years , in specific large data-labeled test sets , deep-learning algorithms for image recognition surpassed the human accuracy rate208,209 , and , in parallel , suprahuman performance was demonstrated for speech recognition . <p> The basic DNN architecture is like a club sandwich turned on its side , with an input layer , a number of hidden layers ranging from 5 to 1,000 , each responding to different features of the image ( like shape or edges ) , and an output layer . The layers are ' neurons , ' comprising a neural network , even though there is little support of the notion that these artificial neurons function similarly to human neurons . A key differentiating feature of deep learning compared with other subtypes of AI is its autodidactic quality ; the neural network is not designed by humans , but rather the number of layers ( Fig. 1 ) @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ recognition have primarily used supervised learning , with training from known patterns and labeled input data , commonly referred to as ground truths . Learning from unknown patterns without labeled input data -- unsupervised learning -- has very rarely been applied to date . There are many types of DNNs and learning , including convolutional , recurrent , generative adversarial , transfer , reinforcement , representation , and transfer ( for review see refs. 210,211 ) . Deep-learning algorithms have been the backbone of computer performance that exceeds human ability in multiple games , including the Atari video game Breakout , the classic game of Go , and Texas Hold'em poker . DNNs are largely responsible for the exceptional progress in autonomous cars , which is viewed by most as the pinnacle technological achievement of AI to date . Notably , except in the cases of games and self-driving cars , a major limitation to interpretation of claims reporting suprahuman performance of these algorithms is that analytics are performed on previously generated data in silico , not prospectively in real-world clinical conditions . Furthermore , the lack of large datasets @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in medicine . Ironically , to compensate for this deficiency , generative adversarial networks have been used to synthetically produce large image datasets at high resolution , including mammograms , skin lesions , echocardiograms , and brain and retina scans , that could be used to help train DNNs212,213,214,215,216 . <h> Radiology <p> One field that has attracted particular attention for application of AI is radiology5 . Chest X-rays are the most common type of medical scan , with more than 2 billion performed worldwide per year . In one study , the accuracy of one algorithm , based on a 121-layer convolutional neural network , in detecting pneumonia in over 112,000 labeled frontal chest X-ray images was compared with that of four radiologists , and the conclusion was that the algorithm outperformed the radiologists . However , the algorithm 's AUC of 0.76 , although somewhat better than that for two previously tested DNN algorithms for chest X-ray interpretation5 , is far from optimal . In addition , the test used in this study is not necessarily comparable with the daily tasks of a radiologist , who will diagnose @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ further validate the conclusions of this study , a comparison with results from more than four radiologists should be made . A team at Google used an algorithm that analyzed the same image set as in the previously discussed study to make 14 different diagnoses , resulting in AUC scores that ranged from 0.63 for pneumonia to 0.87 for heart enlargement or a collapsed lung6 . More recently , in another related study , it was shown that a DNN that is currently in use in hospitals in India for interpretation of four different chest X-ray key findings was at least as accurate as four radiologists7 . For the narrower task of detecting cancerous pulmonary nodules on a chest X-ray , a DNN that retrospectively assessed scans from over 34,000 patients achieved a level of accuracy exceeding 17 of 18 radiologists8 . It can be difficult for emergency room doctors to accurately diagnose wrist fractures , but a DNN led to marked improvement , increasing sensitivity from 81% to 92% and reducing misinterpretation by 47% ( ref. 9 ) . <p> Similarly , DNNs have been applied across a wide @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and estimation of aging10,11,12 , classification of tuberculosis13 , and vertebral compression fractures14 ; computed tomography ( CT ) scans for lung nodules15 , liver masses16 , pancreatic cancer17 , and coronary calcium score18 ; brain scans for evidence of hemorrhage19 , head trauma20 , and acute referrals21 ; magnetic resonance imaging22 ; echocardiograms23,24 ; and mammographies25,26 . A unique imaging-recognition study focusing on the breadth of acute neurologic events , such as stroke or head trauma , was carried out on over 37,000 head CT 3-D scans , which the algorithm analyzed for 13 different anatomical findings versus gold-standard labels ( annotated by expert radiologists ) and achieved an AUC of 0.73 ( ref. 27 ) . A simulated prospective , double-blind , randomized control trial was conducted with real cases from the dataset and showed that the deep-learning algorithm could interpret scans 150 times faster than radiologists ( 1.2 versus 177 ? seconds ) . But the conclusion that the algorithm 's diagnostic accuracy in screening acute neurologic scans was poorer than human performance was sobering and indicates that there is much more work to do . <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of labeled scans were used for training and subsequent evaluation , with AUCs ranging from 0.99 for hip fracture to 0.84 intracranial bleeding and liver masses to 0.56 for acute neurologic case screening . It is not possible to compare DNN accuracy from one study to the next because of marked differences in methodology . Furthermore , ROC and AUC metrics are not necessarily indicative of clinical utility or even the best way to express accuracy of the model 's performance28,29 . Furthermore , many of these reports still only exist in preprint form and have not appeared in peer-reviewed publications . Validation of the performance of an algorithm in terms of its accuracy is not equivalent to demonstrating clinical efficacy . This is what Pearse Keane and I have referred to as the ' AI chasm ' -- that is , an algorithm with an AUC of 0.99 is not worth very much if it is not proven to improve clinical outcomes30 . Among the studies that have gone through peer review ( many of which are summarized in Table 1 ) , the only prospective validation studies in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of wrist fractures in the emergy room setting33 , histologic breast cancer metastases34,35 , very small colonic polyps36,37 , and congenital cataracts in a small group of children38 . The field clearly is far from demonstrating very high and reproducible machine accuracy , let alone clinical utility , for most medical scans and images in the real-world clinical environment ( Table 1 ) . <h> Pathology <p> Pathologists have been much slower at adopting digitization of scans than radiologists39 -- they are still not routinely converting glass slides to digital images and use whole-slide imaging ( WSI ) to enable viewing of an entire tissue sample on a slide . Marked heterogeneity and inconsistency among pathologists ' interpretations of slides has been amply documented , exemplified by a lack of agreement in diagnosis of common types of lung cancer ( ? ? = ? 0.41 -- 0.46 ) 40 . Deep learning of digitized pathology slides offers the potential to improve accuracy and speed of interpretation , as assessed in a few retrospective studies . In a study of WSI of breast cancer , with or without lymph node metastases @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of multiple algorithmic interpretations , the results varied and were affected in part by the length of time that the pathologists had to review the slides41 . Some of the five algorithms performed better than the group of pathologists , who had varying expertise . The pathologists were given 129 test slides and had less than 1 ? minute for review per slide , which likely does not reflect normal workflow . On the other hand , when one expert pathologist had no time limits and took 30 ? hours to review the same slide set , the results were comparable with the algorithm for detecting noninvasive ductal carcinoma42 . <p> Other studies have assessed deep-learning algorithms for classifying breast cancer43 and lung cancer40 without direct comparison with pathologists . Brain tumors can be challenging to subtype , and machine learning using tumor DNA methylation patterns via sequencing led to markedly improved classification compared with pathologists using traditional histological data44,45 . DNA methylation generates extensive data and at present is rarely performed in the clinic for classification of tumors , but this study suggests another potential for AI to provide @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ for lung cancer digital pathology slides not only was able to accurately classify tumors , but also was trained to detect the pattern of several specific genomic driver mutations that would not otherwise be discernible by pathologists33 . <p> The first prospective study to test the accuracy of an algorithm classifying digital pathology slides in a real clinical setting was an assessment of the identification of presence of breast cancer micrometastases in slides by six pathologists compared with a DNN ( that had been retrospectively validated34 ) . The combination of pathologists and the algorithm led to the best accuracy , and the algorithm markedly sped up the review of slides35 . This study is particularly notable , as the synergy of the combined pathologist and algorithm interpretation was emphasized instead of the pervasive **26;28953;TOOLONG comparison . Apart from classifying tumors more accurately by data processing , the use of a deep-learning algorithm to sharpen out-of-focus images may also prove useful46 . A number of proprietary algorithms for image interpretation have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , and the list is expanding rapidly ( @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ publications from most of these companies . In 2018 , the FDA published a fast-track approval plan for AI medical algorithms . <h> Dermatology <p> For algorithms classifying skin cancer by image analysis , the accuracy of diagnosis of deep-learning networks has been compared with that of dermatologists . In a study using a large training dataset of nearly 130,000 photographic and dermascopic digitized images , 21 US board-certified dermatologists were at least matched in performance by an algorithm , which had an AUC of 0.96 for carcinoma47 and of 0.94 for melanoma specifically . Subsequently , the accuracy of melanoma skin cancer diagnosis by a group of 58 international dermatologists was compared with a convolutional neural network ; the mean ROCs were 0.79 versus 0.86 , respectively , reflecting an improved performance of the algorithm compared with most of the physicians48 . A third study carried out algorithmic assessment of 12 skin diseases , including basal cell carcinoma , squamous cell carcinoma , and melanoma , and compared this with 16 dermatologists , with the algorithm achieving an AUC of 0.96 for melanoma49 . None of these studies were @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ would perform physical inspection and shoulder responsibility for making an accurate diagnosis . Notwithstanding these concerns , most skin lesions are diagnosed by primary care doctors , and problems with inaccuracy have been underscored ; if AI can be reliably shown to simulate experienced dermatologists , that would represent a significant advance . <h> Ophthalmology <p> There have been a number of studies comparing performance between algorithms and ophthalmologists in diagnosing different eye conditions . After training with over 128,000 retinal fundus photographs labeled by 54 ophthalmologists , a neural network was used to assess over 10,000 retinal fundus photographs from more than 5,000 patients for diabetic retinopathy , and the neural network 's grading was compared with seven or eight ophthalmologists for all-cause referable diagnoses ( moderate or worse retinopathy or macular edema ; scale : none , mild , moderate , severe , or proliferative ) . In two separate validation sets , the AUC was 0.99 ( refs. 50,51 ) . In a study in which retinal fundus photographs were used for the diagnosis of age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) , the accuracy for DNN algorithms @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ for expert ophthalmologists52 . Performance of a deep-learning algorithm for interpreting retinal optical coherence tomography ( OCT ) was compared with ophthalmologists for diagnosis of either of the two most common causes of vision loss : diabetic retinopathy or AMD . After the algorithm was trained on a dataset of over 100,000 OCT images , validation was performed in 1,000 of these images , and performance was compared with six ophthalmologists . The algorithm 's AUC for OCT-based urgent referral was 0.999 ( refs. 53,54,55 ) . <p> Another deep-learning OCT retinal study went beyond the diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy or macular degeneration . A group of 997 patients with a wide range of 50 retinal pathologies was assessed for urgent referral by an algorithm ( using two different types of OCT devices that produce 3-D images ) and results were compared with those from experts : four retinal specialists and four optometrists , with an AUC for accuracy of urgent referral triage to replace false alarm of 0.992 . The algorithm did not miss a single urgent referral case . Notably , the eight clinicians agreed on only 65% @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ decision were reduced for both types of clinicians by integrating the fundus photograph and notes on the patient , but the algorithm 's error rate ( without notes or fundus photographs ) of 3.5% was as good or better than all eight experts56 . One unique aspect of this study was the transparency of the two neural networks used , one for mapping the eye OCT scans into a tissue schematic and the other for the classifier of eye disease . The user ( patient ) can watch a video that shows what portions of his or her scan were used to reach the algorithm 's conclusions along with the level of confidence it has for the diagnosis . This sets a new bar for future efforts to unravel the ' black box ' of neural networks . <p> In a prospective trial conducted in primary care clinics , 900 patients with diabetes but no known retinopathy were assessed by a proprietary system ( an imaging device combined with an algorithm ) made by IDx ( Iowa City , IA ) that obtained retinal fundus photographs and OCT and by @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ The algorithm was used at primary care clinics up until the clinical trial was autodidactic and thus locked for testing , but it achieved a sensitivity of 87% and specificity of 91% for the 819 patients ( 91% of the enrolled cohort ) with analyzable images . This trial led to FDA approval of the IDx device and algorithm for autonomous detection , that is , without the need for a clinician , of ' more than mild ' diabetic retinopathy . The regulatory oversight in dealing with deep-learning algorithms is tricky because it does not currently allow continued autodidactic functionality but instead necessitates fixing the software to behave like a non-AI diagnostic system30 . Notwithstanding this point along with the unknown extent of uptake of the device , the study represents a milestone as the first prospective assessment of AI in the clinic . The accuracy results are not as good as the aforementioned in silico studies , which should be anticipated . A small prospective real-world assessment of a DNN for diabetic retinopathy in primary care clinics , with eye exams performed by nurses , led to a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ retinal OCT and fundus images have thus far focused on eye conditions , recent work suggests that these images can provide a window to the brain for early diagnosis of dementia , including Alzheimer 's disease57 . <p> The potential use of retinal photographs also appears to transcend eye diseases per se . Images from over 280,000 patients were assessed by DNN for cardiovascular risk factors , including age , gender , systolic blood pressure , smoking status , hemoglobin A1c , and likelihood of having a major adverse cardiac event , with validation in two independent datasets . The AUC for gender at 0.97 was notable , indicating that the algorithm could identify gender accurately from the retinal photo , but the others were in the range of 0.70 , suggesting that there may be a signal that , through further pursuit , could be useful for monitoring patients for control of their risk factors58,59 . <p> Other less common eye conditions that have been assessed by neural networks include congenital cataracts38 and retinopathy of prematurity in newborns60 , both with accuracy comparable with that of eye specialists . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ practice are electrocardiograms ( ECG ) and echocardiograms , both of which have been assessed with DNNs . There is a nearly 40-year history of machine-read ECGs using rules-based algorithms with notable inaccuracy61 . When deep learning was used to diagnose heart attack in a small retrospective dataset of 549 ECGs , a sensitivity of 93% and specificity of 90% were reported , which was comparable with cardiologists62 . Over 64,000 one-lead ECGs ( from over 29,000 patients ) were assessed for arrhythmia by a DNN and six cardiologists , with comparable accuracy across 14 different electrical conduction disturbances63 . For echocardiography , a small set of 267 patient studies ( consisting of over 830,000 still images ) were classified into 15 standard views ( such as apical 4-chamber or subcostal ) by a DNN and by cardiologists . The overall accuracy for single still images was 92% for the algorithm and 79% for four board-certified echocardiographers , but this does not reflect the real-world reading of studies , which are in-motion video loops23 . An even larger retrospective study of over 8,000 echocardiograms showed high accuracy for classification of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ( AUC , 0.87 ) , and pulmonary artery hypertension ( AUC , 0.85 ) 24 . <h> Gastroenterology <p> Finding diminutive ( &lt;5 ? mm ) adenomatous or sessile polyps at colonoscopy can be exceedingly difficult for gastroenterologists . The first prospective clinical validation of AI was performed in 325 patients who collectively had 466 tiny polyps , with an accuracy of 94% and negative predictive value of 96% during real-time , routine colonoscopy36,64 . The speed of AI optical diagnosis was 35 ? seconds , and the algorithm worked equally well for both novice and expert gastroenterologists , without the need for injecting dyes . The findings of enhanced speed and accuracy were replicated in another independent study37 . Such results are thematic : machine vision , at high magnification , can accurately and quickly interpret specific medical images as well as or better than humans . <h> Mental health <p> The enormous burden of mental health , such as the 350 million people around the world battling depression74 , is especially noteworthy , as there is potential here for AI to lend support to the affected patients @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ that are in development include digital tracking of depression and mood via keyboard interaction , speech , voice , facial recognition , sensors , and use of interactive **25;28981;TOOLONG . Facebook posts have been shown to predict the diagnosis of depression later documented in electronic medical records81 . <p> The use of AI algorithms has been described in many other clinical settings , such as facilitating stroke , autism or electroencephalographic diagnoses for neurologists65,66 , helping anesthesiologists avoid low oxygenation during surgery67 , diagnosis of stroke or heart attack for paramedics68 , finding suitable clinical trials for oncologists69 , selecting viable embryos for in vitro fertilization70 , help making the diagnosis of a congenital condition via facial recognition71 and pre-empting surgery for patients with breast cancer72 . Examples of the breadth of AI applications across human lifespan is shown in Fig. 2 . There is considerable effort across many startups and established tech companies to develop natural language processing to replace the need for keyboards and human scribes for clinic visits73 . The list of companies active in this space includes Microsoft , Google , Suki , Robin Healthcare , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , Orbita , Notable , Sensely and Augmedix . <h> Artificial intelligence and health systems <p> Being able to predict key outcomes could , theoretically , make the use of hospital palliative care resources more efficient and precise . For example , if an algorithm could be used to estimate the risk of a patient 's hospital readmission that would otherwise be undetectable given the usual clinical criteria for discharge , steps could be taken to avert discharge and attune resources to the underlying issues . For a critically ill patient , a very high likelihood of short-term survival might help this patient and their family and doctor make decisions regarding resuscitation , insertion of an endotracheal tube for mechanical ventilation , and other invasive measures . Similarly , it is possible that deciding which patients might benefit from palliative care and determining who is at risk of developing sepsis or septic shock could be ameliorated by AI predictive tools . Using electronic health record data , machine- and deep-learning algorithms have been able to predict many important clinical parameters , ranging from Alzheimer 's disease to death ( Table @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ study , reinforcement learning was retrospectively carried out on two large datasets to recommend the use of vasopressors , intravenous fluids , and/or medications and the dose of the selected treatment for patients with sepsis ; the treatment selected by the ' AI Clinician ' was on average reliably more effective than that chosen by humans108 . Both the size of the cohorts studied and the range of AUC accuracy reported have been quite heterogeneous , and all of these reports are retrospective and yet to be validated in the real-world clinical setting . Nevertheless , there are many companies that are already marketing such algorithms , such as Careskore , which is providing health systems with estimated of risk of readmission and mortality based on EHR data109 . Beyond this issue , there are the differences between the prediction metric for a cohort and an individual prediction metric . If a model 's AUC is 0.95 , which most would qualify as very accurate , this reflects how good the model is for predicting an outcome , such as death , for the overall cohort . But most models @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ at the individual level , so there is still an important dimension of uncertainty . <p> In addition to data from electronic health records , imaging has been integrated to enhance predictive accuracy98 . Multiple studies have attempted to predict biological age110,111 , and this has been shown to best be accomplished using DNA methylation -- based biomarkers112 . With respect to the accuracy of algorithms for prediction of biological age , the incompleteness of data input is noteworthy , since a large proportion of unstructured data -- the free text in clinician notes that can not be ingested from the medical record -- has not been incorporated , and neither have many other modalities such as socioeconomic , behavioral , biologic ' -omics ' , or physiologic sensor data . Further , concerns have been raised about the potential to overfit data owing to small sample sizes in some instances . It has also been pointed out how essential it is to have ? -fold cross-validation of a model through successive , mutually exclusive validation datasets , which is missing from most of these publications . There is also @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , since it ignores actual probability values and may be particularly misleading in regard to the sensitivity and specificity values that are of clinical interest113 . <p> In summary , it is not yet known how well AI can predict key outcomes in the healthcare setting , and this will not be determined until there is robust validation in prospective , real-world clinical environments , with rigorous statistical methodology and analysis . <h> Machine vision <p> Machine vision ( also known as computer vision ) , which uses data from ambient sensors , is attracting considerable attention in health systems for promoting safety by monitoring such activities as proper clinician handwashing114 , critically ill patients in the intensive care unit115 , and risk of falling for patients116 . Weaning patients in the intensive care unit from mechanical ventilation is often haphazard and inefficient ; a reinforcement-learning algorithm using machine vision has shown considerable promise in this regard117 . There are also ongoing efforts to digitize surgery that include machine vision observation of the team and equipment in the operating room and performance of the surgeon ; real-time , high-resolution , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ and integration of all of a patient 's preoperative data , including full medical history , labs , and scans118,119 . Extremely delicate microsurgery , such as that inside the eye , has now been performed with AI assistance120 . There is considerable promise in markedly reducing the radiation and time requirements for image acquisition and segmentation in preparation for radiotherapy via the use of deep-learning algorithms for image reconstruction121 and of generative adversarial networks to improve the quality of medical scans . These improvements will , when widely implemented , promote safety , convenience , and lower cost122,123,124 . <h> Wearables <p> Of the more than $3.5 trillion per year ( and rising ) expenditures for healthcare in the United States , almost a third is related to hospitals . With FDA-approved wearable sensors that can continuously monitor all vital signs -- including blood pressure , heart rate and rhythm , blood oxygen saturation , respiratory rate , and temperature -- there is the potential to preempt a large number of patients being hospitalized in the future . There has not yet been algorithmic development and prospective testing for @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ could reduce the costs of care without sacrificing convenience and comfort for a patient and family . The reduction of nosocomial infections alone would be an alluring path for promoting safety . <h> Increased efficiencies <p> It has been estimated that , per day , AI would process over 250 million images for the cost of about $1,000 ( ref. 125 ) , representing a staggering hypothetical savings of billions of dollars . Besides the productivity and workflow gains that can be derived from AI-assisted image interpretation and clinician support , there is potential to reduce the workforce for many types of back-office , administrative jobs such as coding and billing , scheduling of operating rooms and clinic appointments , and staffing . At Geisinger Health in Pennsylvania , over 100,000 patients have undergone exome sequencing ; the results are provided via an AI chatbot ( Clear Genetics ) , which is well-received by most patients and reduces the need for genetic counselors . This demonstrates how a health system can leverage AI tools to provide complex information without having to rely on expansion of highly trained personnel . <p> @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ is the development of a massive data infrastructure to support nearest-neighbor analysis , another application of AI used to identify ' digital twins . ' If each person 's comprehensive biologic , anatomic , physiologic , environmental , socioeconomic , and behavioral data , including treatment and outcomes , were entered , "
"<p> Thank you for visiting nature.com . You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS . To obtain the best experience , we recommend you use a more up to date browser ( or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer ) . In the meantime , to ensure continued support , we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript . <h> Subjects <h> Abstract <p> Genomic prediction of complex human traits ( e.g. , height , cognitive ability , bone density ) and disease risks ( e.g. , breast cancer , diabetes , heart disease , atrial fibrillation ) has advanced considerably in recent years . Using data from the UK Biobank , predictors have been constructed using penalized algorithms that favor sparsity : i.e. , which use as few genetic variants as possible . We analyze the specific genetic variants ( SNPs ) utilized in these predictors , which can vary from dozens to as many as thirty thousand . We find that the fraction of SNPs in or near genic regions varies widely by phenotype . For the majority of disease conditions studied , a large amount of the variance is accounted @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of these SNPs can not be determined from exome-sequencing data . This suggests that exome data alone will miss much of the heritability for these traits -- i.e. , existing PRS can not be computed from exome data alone . We also study the fraction of SNPs and of variance that is in common between pairs of predictors . The DNA regions used in disease risk predictors so far constructed seem to be largely disjoint ( with a few interesting exceptions ) , suggesting that individual genetic disease risks are largely uncorrelated . It seems possible in theory for an individual to be a low-risk outlier in all conditions simultaneously . <h> Introduction <p> Genomic prediction of complex traits and disease risks has advanced considerably thanks to the recent advent of large data sets and improved algorithms . These algorithms range from simple regression , applied to one SNP at a time to estimate statistical significance and effect size ( e.g. , as used in GWAS ) , to high dimensional optimization methods such as compressed sensing or sparse learning1,2,3,4 . They produce Polygenic Risk Scores ( PRS ) or @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ state of an individual 's DNA at specific locations ( SNPs ) , to a risk score or predicted quantitative trait value . <p> Predictors ( PGS or PRS ) now exist for a number of important traits and risks , many of which have undergone out-of-sample testing ( i.e. , validation in groups of individuals not used in training and from other data sets or from separate ancestries ) 5,6,7 . The genetic architectures ( i.e. , the properties of the SNPs activated in the predictors , which are sparse ) uncovered vary significantly : the number of SNPs required to capture most of the predictor variance ranges from a few dozen to many thousands . In contrast , traditional Genome Wide Association studies ( GWAS ) can implicate the entire genome8,9 , making them unwieldy to analyze . <p> In the case of disease risk , the predictors are already good enough to identify genetic risk outliers . That is , individuals with unusually high ( or low ) genetic risk of a specific condition . There are many clinical applications for such **41;1682;TOOLONG ( although there is @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ algorithmic biases and disparity20,21 ) . Below we mention two possible future examples . <p> Breast Cancer : Certain variants in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes are known to elevate Breast Cancer risk significantly22,23 . However , these mutations affect no more than a few women per thousand in the general population24,25,26 . By contrast , PRS using thousands of common SNP variants can now identify of order ten times as many women who are in the high-risk category5,7,10,27,28 . Standard of Care for high-risk women typically includes additional screening , such as mammograms beginning a decade earlier than for normal risk women . Early detection can also lead to significant cost savings29 . What can we say about the thousands of common SNPs used in the PRS ? Do they overlap with SNPs used in PRS for other conditions ( e.g. , other cancers ) ? <p> Height : Idiopathic Short Stature ( ISS ) refers to extreme short stature that does not have a diagnostic explanation ( e.g. , height below 5 foot 2 inches in adult males ) 30 . Human growth hormone ( HGH ) treatment @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ this condition , at a cost in the $100k range . Typically , these would be children in the bottom percentiles for height within their age group31,32 . However , it is difficult for pediatric endocrinologists , whose responsibility it is to prescribe HGH for these children , to know whether the child is simply passing through a temporary phase of slow growth ( and will , by adulthood , reach normal height ) 33,34 . Adult height prediction from DNA ( with 95 percent confidence interval roughly ( pm 2 ) inches ) will allow physicians to avoid expensive HGH treatment ( with significant potential side-effects ) for children who are merely short for their age ( late-developing ) and are likely to be in the normal range in adulthood . <p> For the first time , we can begin to address some general questions concerning the genetic architectures of complex traits . In this paper we address the following questions : <p> 1 . <p> What is the ( qualitative ) genetic architecture of specific disease risks ? How many SNPs , where are they , how many @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ total risk is controlled by loci in coding vs non-coding regions ? <p> How much genetic overlap exists between different disease architectures ? With millions of SNPs in the genome it is entirely possible that different diseases have nearly disjoint genetic architectures -- i.e. , risk is mostly controlled by distinct regions of DNA . On the other hand , we might uncover overlap regions of DNA which affect multiple disease risks simultaneously . <p> In this paper we consider predictors for a selection of disease conditions/traits : asthma , atrial fibrillation , basal cell carcinoma , breast cancer , coronary artery disease , type-1 diabetes , type-2 diabetes , diastolic blood pressure , educational years , gallstones , glaucoma , gout , heart attack , height , high cholesterol , hypertension , hypothyroidism , malignant melanoma , menopause , pulse rate , and systolic blood pressure . All predictors , except the coronary artery disease predictor , were built by training on case-control phenotype data from the UK Biobank35,36 that relied on custom array genotyping ( see Appendix C in the Supplementary Information for details ) . This array @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ be associated with certain phenotypes , and to contain a wide sampling of the entire human genome . More details of the array design can be found on the UK Biobank website https : **39;1725;TOOLONG ... and in Appendix C. The predictors were derived using the L1 penalized regression ( sparse learning ) methods found in5,6 . Recent algorithmic benchmarking for complex trait prediction in plants and animals has shown that linear methods work as well if not better than non-linear , Bayesian , or deep learning approaches for current data set sizes37 . Predictors for diastolic blood pressure , systolic blood pressure , and pulse rate are reported for the first time here , but were designed as described in5 . On the other hand , the coronary artery predictor originated from7 , and the associated minor allele frequencies were obtained using Ensembl 's minor allele frequency calculator38 . <p> Of course , not all of the genetic variants affecting disease risk have been discovered . The PRS continue to improve as more training data become available . However , the SNPs used in the existing PRS tend to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Equivalently , the statistical evidence supporting their association with the disease risk is highest . Relevant SNPs that have yet to be discovered are either common SNPs with very small effect size , or very rare SNPs that are not probed using existing gene arrays . <h> Methods <p> Most of the predictors from our research group used in this work were previously designed and published in5,6 . The predictors for menopause , pulse rate , diastolic and systolic blood pressure , and education years have not been previously published , but were generated using the same methods as described in5,6 . Here , we summarize how the predictors were trained , and refer the reader to the indicated manuscripts for complete details . <p> The data set used for training was taken from the 2018 release of genotyping and imputation data for all 500,000 participants in the UK Biobank study39 . Only genetically British individuals , as defined by the UK Biobank in40 , were included in our training set . ( Briefly speaking , the UK Biobank defines "" genetically British "" by clustering the genomes in principal @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ case-control phenotypes via a combination of self-reported data and various ICD-x diagnosis codes , and for continuous phenotypes via physical measurements . <p> To build predictors based on a simple linear model of genetic predisposition , i.e. ( vecY = barX cdot vecbeta + vecepsilon ) , we use both a custom implementation of L1-penalized LASSO as well as the Python scikit-learn version . This approach is derived from compressed sensing research41,42,43,44 . The result is a sparse active set of SNPs with weights derived from minimizing the objective function : <p> where ( lambda ) is a hyper-parameter for the minimization algorithm . The penalization term corrects for some amount of Linkage Disequilibrium ( LD ) : if a SNP is given a non-zero ( beta ) value by the algorithm , the minimization will disfavor choosing other SNPs in high LD with the first SNP to be in the active set . Repeating the procedure ( e.g. when performing cross-validation ) will yield slightly different active SNP sets , but with similar separation of cases and controls or similar correlations . <p> The relationship between the resulting polygenic @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ disease is determined empirically using a validation dataset . We find that the estimated risk varies non-linearly with ( barXcdot vecbeta * ) -- rising and falling rapidly for outliers in the population distribution for ( barXcdot vecbeta * ) . <p> Note that because of the minimization procedure in Eq . ( 1 ) , the final scores , ( barXcdot vecbeta * ) , will not necessarily be of order 1 . As a matter of fact , the typical scores for case-control conditions are of maximum order ( 10-3 ) . Because of this , the sum of the variances of the scores from each of our predictors is not obviously directly related to estimates of SNP-based heritability for that phenotype , e.g. as estimated using REML methods . For reference , in Supplementary Table S60 in Appendix D , we provide a list of SNP heritabilities for most of the phenotypes studied here , which were derived by other groups via REML methods . <h> Variance and effect sizes <p> The majority of this work deals with characterizing the relative sizes of the effect of particular @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ predictor in this case is a set of weights , ( beta i ) , for a set of SNPs , S. An individual 's phenotype , y , can be described by <p> where ( xi in 0,1,2 ) is the number of minor alleles for SNP i , ( tildey ) is the predicted value of the phenotype , and ( epsilon ) is an error term . Our primary object of interest is the variance of this prediction . <p> The contribution of a single SNP to this variance is expressed in terms of the ( beta i ) and the minor allele frequency ( MAF ) , ( fi ) , as : <p> In the limit of small MAF , this becomes ( 2beta i2 fi + o(fi2)approx 2beta i2 fi ) . The overall variance of the individual 's predictor score ( for continuous traits , this is a predicted phenotype ) can thus be described as : <p> where the final approximation holds when the SNPs are largely uncorrelated . This is true for most minor allele frequencies , and has been checked @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ For the predictors in this work , it is unusual for SNPs more than 2,000 kilo base pairs apart to have correlation higher than 0.01 or so . L1 penalization generally results in mostly uncorrelated SNPs in the predictor . In this sense , the variance due to each SNP can be considered as a linear effect . Supplementary Table S59 in Appendix C lists the total variance accounted for by all predictor SNPs in the active set for every one of our twenty-one disease conditions . <p> We can then calculate the portion of predicted variance accounted for by any subset , ( mathscrS subset S ) , of the active SNPs , as a fraction of the total predictor variance of the phenotype : <p> where again , the final approximation holds when the SNPs are uncorrelated . <h> Effect of predictor SNPs located in genic regions <p> A SNP may be regarded as being within a genic region if its genomic coordinates fall between the start-point and end-point coordinates of any protein-coding gene . The GENCODE Release 19 annotation of the human genome45 ( based on the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ source of our reference set of gene boundary coordinates . Currently , it is still unclear where exactly genic regions end and intergenic regions begin47,48,49 , and so there is a possibility that this choice of gene boundary coordinates may not be definitive for our purposes . This motivated us to analyze ( for our selection of disease conditions and traits ) how the number of the predictor SNPs categorized as located in genic regions and the variance accounted for by these predictor SNPs located in genic regions changes as all gene boundaries ( according to GENCODE Release 19 ) are expanded by an increasing number k of kilo base pairs at both ends . <p> We then investigated how this genic variance is distributed between individual ( protein-coding ) genes . When considering a specific disease condition , for each gene , the variance accounted for by all predictor SNPs located within the ( effective ) gene boundary coordinates is summed and expressed as a percentage of the total variance accounted for by all predictor SNPs for that condition . For the purposes of this calculation , the boundaries @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ k = 30 ) . Since each genic predictor SNP may lie within the boundaries of more than one gene due to the expanded gene boundaries overlapping , multiple genes may share the exact same set of predictor SNPs and therefore the same value of total variance accounted for by single genes . We also identified the predictor SNPs located within the high-variance genes named above , together with the values of variance accounted for by each SNP , and the particular gene(s) with which the SNP is associated . <p> Modern whole-exome sequencing techniques are expected to be able to access about 85% of known disease-related variants50,51 . Assuming this is correct , we would expect about the same fraction of genic SNPs belonging to our predictors for disease conditions / traits to be identifiable via exome-sequencing data . To verify this , we compared our sets of predictor SNPs against the whole-exome sequencing data released by the UK Biobank in March 201952 ( to be specific , the version of the whole-exome sequencing data set generated using a Functionally Equivalent ( FE ) pipeline53 ) . Once again @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the GENCODE Release 19 protein-coding gene boundaries extended by 30 kilo base pairs at both ends ( or ( k = 30 ) ) . We calculated for each disease condition the percentage of predictor SNPs located in genic regions which are also found in the UK Biobank exome data , as well as the percentage of variance accounted for by these genic predictor SNPs which are also found in the UK Biobank exome data . <h> Pairwise comparison of predictors <p> To compare pairs of predictors we use two methods : ( 1 ) overlap of SNPs and ( 2 ) overlap of variance accounted for . For ( 1 ) , a pair of predictors can be compared by identifying SNPs which the predictors have in common . Here , pairs of SNPs less than 4,000 base pairs apart were considered to be essentially the same SNP ( where this separation was chosen so that most or all SNP pairs with high linkage disequilibrium levels are expected to be identified with one another54 ) . For ( 2 ) we define a new correlation measure : for each @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ to the condition labelling the row in Tables 1 and 2 ) , all SNPs , j , from the second predictor ( corresponding to the condition labelling the column in Tables 1 and 2 ) located less than 4,000 base pairs away were identified . Every such associated SNP from the second predictor was assigned a weight of uniform magnitude , with the sign of the weight based on the sign of the SNP 's effect size relative to the sign of the effect size of the SNP from the first predictor -- positive when the signs were the same , and negative when the signs were different . These weights were then multiplied by the variance due to the SNP from the first predictor and summed . If we label each set of SNPs within 4,000 base pairs away as ( mathcalCi ) , this correlation estimate , ( tilder ) , can be expressed as <p> This produced a weighted overlap in terms of variance , that accounts for whether the associated SNP pairs are positively correlated ( effect sizes have equal signs ) or negatively correlated @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ : In this portion of the analysis , the coronary artery disease predictor was restricted to the top twenty thousand predictor SNPs as ranked by value of variance accounted for . <h> Statement on methods <p> No human participants were directly involved in this study . Details of the data collected by the UK Biobank are outlined in the Supplementary Methods section ( Appendix C ) of the Supplementary Information . <h> Results and analysis <h> Predictor SNPs in genic regions <p> We are interested in investigating how predictor SNPs located in genic regions impact our predictors . <p> The most obvious way to identify predictor SNPs located inside genic regions is to define a SNP as being within a genic region if its genomic coordinates fall between the start-point and end-point coordinates of any protein-coding gene . The GENCODE Release 19 annotation of the human genome45 ( based on the GRCh37.p13 reference human genome assembly46 ) was chosen as the source of our reference set of gene boundary coordinates . Currently , it is still unclear where exactly genic regions end and intergenic regions begin47,48,49 , and so there @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ may not be definitive for our purposes . We asked these questions : as these reference gene boundary coordinates are varied , by how much does the separation of predictor SNPs into genic and non-genic categories vary , and how significantly does the influence of the ( increasingly large ) genic section of the predictor SNPs change ? <p> Figure 1 shows for a selection of disease conditions how the number of the predictor SNPs categorized as located in genic regions -- expressed as a percentage of the total number of predictor SNPs for that disease condition -- changes as all gene boundaries ( according to GENCODE Release 19 ) are expanded by an increasing number k of kilo base pairs at both ends . At the reference gene boundaries ( ( k = 0 ) ) , the percentage of predictor SNPs which are genic ranges from about 50% ( many disease conditions ) to about 60% ( gallstones , malignant melanoma , atrial fibrillation ) ; while at ( k = 30 ) , this percentage rises to between 60% ( breast cancer , type-1 diabetes , education @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . This description excludes the coronary artery disease predictor ( 42.5 -- 55% ) , which has a distinctly low proportion of genic predictor SNPs . <p> For all disease conditions that we consider here , the increase in the genic percentage of predictor SNPs with k between ( k = 0 ) and ( k = 30 ) occurs at roughly the same rate and appears to be almost linear . This implies that directly outside the reference gene boundary coordinates , the predictor SNPs for these twenty-one disease conditions are approximately uniformly distributed by distance for up to 30 kilo bp from the reference boundaries . <p> We mention that the coronary artery disease predictor shows distinctly separate behavior when compared to the other conditions in Fig. 1 , probably due to the different method used in its construction , as detailed in7 . This predictor was also trained on the UK Biobank , but used an implementation of the LDPred algorithm on a collection of associated phenotypes . This predictor involves 6,630,150 active SNPs , which is orders of magnitude larger than for the other predictors mentioned @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ active SNPs ) . Because LDPred takes LD into account , it is quite likely that this predictor involves a disproportionate amount of intergenic SNPs . <p> Figure 1 <p> Plots of the number of predictor SNPs located within genic regions , expressed as a percentage of the total number of predictor SNPs for that disease condition , against expansion of GENCODE Release 19 gene boundaries by k kilo base pairs . <p> For contrast , the situation where all activated predictor SNPs are replaced with SNPs randomly selected from the 800,000+ variants measured by the UK Biobank Axiom Array is examined . Supplementary Figure S1 in Appendix A displays the change in the number of randomly selected SNPs located within genic regions as the reference gene boundaries are expanded , expressed as a percentage of the total number of SNPs in randomly-selected sets , where each set is of size equal to the activated set in the predictor for the disease condition labelling the plot . The CAD predictor was excluded from this comparison since its active set included more than 6.6 million SNPs , most of which do @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ be seen that Supplementary Figure S1 is mostly similar to Fig. 1 . Once again , the growth of the number of genic SNPs with increasing distance from the reference gene boundaries is roughly linear , and the rate of growth does not appear to depend on the size of the set of random SNPs used . At ( ( k = 0 ) ) , the percentage of predictor SNPs which are genic ranges from about 50% to about 55% ; while at ( k = 30 ) , this percentage rises to between 60 and 70% -- meaning a small overall decrease of genic SNPs for a few individual plots , by about 5% , when compared to Fig. 1 . <p> Figure 2 shows for each disease condition how the variance accounted for by the predictor SNPs located in genic regions -- expressed as a percentage of the total variance accounted for by all predictor SNPs for that condition -- changes as the boundaries of every gene ( according to GENCODE Release 19 ) are expanded by k kilo base pairs at both ends . At the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , the percentage of predictor variance accounted for by SNPs in genic regions ranges from about 40% ( breast cancer , type-1 diabetes ) to 90% ( gallstones , gout , malignant melanoma ) , with notable outliers at 25% ( atrial fibrillation ) and 20% ( coronary artery disease ) . For the majority of disease conditions , the percentage of variance accounted for by the genic predictor SNPs remains approximately flat as k is increased , meaning that practically all the variance accounted for by genic predictor SNPs is due to SNPs contained within the reference gene boundaries . Noticeable exceptions occur for glaucoma at ( k = 6.5 ) , breast cancer at ( k = 17.5 ) , and menopause at ( k = 27.5 ) , where the observed large jumps in variance indicate the presence of some SNP(s) at that genomic location with a significant effect on that specific disease condition . <p> Figure 2 <p> Plots of the variance accounted for by predictor SNPs located within genic regions , expressed as a percentage of the total variance accounted for by all predictor SNPs @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 19 gene boundaries by k kilo base pairs . <p> Now that the extent of the variance accounted for by SNPs located within genic regions has been established for each disease condition , it is natural to investigate next how this genic variance is distributed between individual ( protein-coding ) genes . When considering a specific disease condition , for each gene , the variance accounted for by all predictor SNPs located within the ( effective ) gene boundary coordinates is summed and expressed as a percentage of the total variance accounted for by all predictor SNPs for that condition . For the purposes of this calculation , the boundaries of the genic regions were chosen to be at ( k = 30 ) . <p> Supplementary Figures S2 through S22 in Appendix A show the percentage of predictor variance accounted for by single genes for asthma , atrial fibrillation , basal cell carcinoma , breast cancer , coronary artery disease , type-1 diabetes , type-2 diabetes , diastolic blood pressure , educational years , gallstones , glaucoma , gout , heart attack , height , high cholesterol , hypertension @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , and systolic blood pressure . Only the fifteen largest values of variance accounted for by a single gene are displayed for each condition . As each genic predictor SNP may lie within the boundaries of more than one gene due to the expanded gene boundaries overlapping , multiple genes may share the exact same set of predictor SNPs and therefore the same value of total variance accounted for by single genes . For every disease condition considered here , the full list of genes responsible for the top fifteen values of variance displayed here can be found in Supplementary Tables S23 through S43 in Appendix B. <p> It is evident that certain disease conditions have one ( or perhaps two or three ) dominating value(s) of variance accounted for by a single gene . The most striking results are found with basal cell carcinoma ( one gene , IRF4 , supplying 28% of the predictor variance out of the 87% total genic variance at ( k = 30 ) and a second , TGM3 , supplying 12% of the predictor variance ) , breast cancer ( two genes , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the predictor variance out of 66% total genic variance ) , type-2 diabetes ( one gene , TCF7L2 , supplying 25% of the predictor variance out of 81% total genic variance ) , gallstones ( three genes , ABCG8 , ABCG5 and DYNC2LI1 , each supplying 80 -- 83% of the predictor variance out of 98% total genic variance ) , glaucoma ( two genes , ALDH9A1 and TMCO1 , each supplying 19% of the predictor variance out of 78% total genic variance ) , gout ( one gene , ABCG2 , supplying 57% of the predictor variance out of 96% total genic variance and another , SLC2A9 , supplying 12% of the predictor variance ) , heart attack ( one gene , LPA , supplying 21% of the predictor variance out of 78% total genic variance ) , malignant melanoma ( five genes , AC092143.1 , TUBB3 , TCF25 , MC1R and DEF8 , each supplying 37 -- 43% of the predictor variance out of 92% total genic variance ) , and menopause ( one gene , UTY , supplying 24% of the predictor variance out of 94% total @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ results are the strong links observed between glaucoma and ALDH9A1 , between gallstones and DYNC2LI1 , between menopause and UTY , and between malignant melanoma and the four genes AC092143.1 , TUBB3 , TCF25 , and DEF8 . These relationships are either not well-established up until now , or have not yet been suggested to be possible -- therefore we take a closer look at the specific genetic variants involved . Supplementary Tables S44 through S47 list the predictor SNPs located within these novel genes , together with the amount of variance accounted for by each SNP . Clearly , for each disease condition , very few ( &lt; 10 ) SNPs are involved and just one SNP accounts for most of the variance : Affx-20090007 ( on DYNC2LI1 ) with 77% of the predictor variance , rs4656461 ( on ALDH9A1 ) with 19% , Affx-35293625 ( on AC092143.1 , TUBB3 , TCF25 , and DEF8 ) with 34% , and rs1236440 ( on UTY ) with 24% . <p> The rest of our findings confirm previous work by other groups . The association of IRF455 and TGM356 with basal @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ FGFR257 and TOX358 to breast cancer , the link between TCF7L259 and type-2 diabetes , the association of ABCG860 and ABCG561 with gallstones , the role of TMCO162 in glaucoma , the relationship of ABCG263,64 and SLC2A965 to gout , the connection between LPA66 and heart attack/coronary artery disease , and the role of MC1R67,68 in malignant melanoma . <p> For reference , Supplementary Tables S48 through S56 in Appendix B name all predictor SNPs located within the high-variance genes named above , together with the values of variance accounted for by each SNP , and the particular gene(s) with which the SNP is associated . Once again , for each disease condition , we see that just one or two SNPs is responsible for the lion 's share of the variance carried by each high-variance gene . To be specific : the basal cell carcinoma predictor has rs12203592 ( on IRF4 ) carrying 28% of the predictor variance and rs214803 ( on TGM3 ) with 12% , the breast cancer predictor has rs2981575 ( on FGFR2 ) and rs4784227 ( on TOX3 ) each with 14% of the predictor @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ TCF7L2 ) with 25% of the predictor variance , the gallstones predictor has Affx-20090007 ( on ABCG8 , ABCG5 , and DYNC2LI1 simultaneously ) with 77% of the predictor variance , the glaucoma predictor has rs4656461 ( on ALDH9A1 and TMCO1 ) with 19% of the predictor variance , the gout predictor has rs2231142 ( on ABCG2 ) with 55% of the predictor variance and rs3775948 ( on SLC2A9 ) with 8% , the heart attack predictor has rs10455872 ( on LPA ) with 14% of the predictor variance and rs117733303 ( on LPA ) with 7% , the malignant melanoma predictor has Affx-35293625 ( on AC092143.1 , TUBB3 , TCF25 , MC1R and DEF8 ) with 34% of the predictor variance and rs11538871 ( on AC092143.1 , TUBB3 , TCF25 , and MC1R ) with 6% , and the menopause predictor has rs1236440 ( on UTY ) with 24% of the predictor variance . <h> Overlap between predictor SNPs and whole-exome sequencing data <p> Modern whole-exome sequencing techniques are expected to be able to access about 85% of known disease-related variants50,51 . Assuming this is correct , we would @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ our predictors for disease conditions to be identifiable via exome-sequencing data . To verify this , we compared our sets of predictor SNPs against the whole-exome sequencing data released by the UK Biobank in March 201952 ( to be specific , the version of the whole-exome sequencing data set generated using a Functionally Equivalent ( FE ) pipeline53 ) . In this section , once again , genic SNPs are defined as those SNPs located within the GENCODE Release 19 protein-coding gene boundaries extended by 30 kilo base pairs at both ends ( or ( k = 30 ) ) . <p> Figure 3 shows for each disease condition the percentage of predictor SNPs located in genic regions which are also found in the UK Biobank exome data , where the disease conditions are listed from left to right on the horizontal axis in order of decreasing percentage . For about two-thirds of the conditions surveyed , 10% or so of the genic SNPs for each predictor also formed part of the set of SNPs identified via exome-sequencing . The remaining disease conditions have up to about 17% ( in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ by the exome-sequencing data set -- with one exception , coronary artery disease , which displays an extraordinarily low ( 2% ) value of this overlap . <p> Figure 3 <p> The percentage of predictor SNPs which are found both in genic regions and the UK Biobank exome data , for each disease condition . The disease conditions are listed from left to right on the horizontal axis in order of decreasing percentage . Each vertical bar is colored red with a depth of shade proportional to the height of the bar . Here , "" genic "" SNPs are contained within the GENCODE Release 19 gene boundaries plus 30 kilo base pairs at both ends . <p> Figure 4 shows for each disease condition the variance accounted for by the genic predictor SNPs from Fig. 3 , expressed as a percentage of the total variance accounted for by all the SNPs in the predictor , where the disease conditions are listed from left to right on the horizontal axis in order of decreasing percentage . For the majority of conditions , 20% or less of the total variance accounted @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ show up in the UK Biobank exome data . In fact , less than 5% of the variance accounted for by the the breast cancer , atrial fibrillation , and coronary artery disease predictor SNPs is detected by the exome data . Exceptions to this are the predictors for gallstones ( 80% of predictor variance detected by the exome data ) , gout ( 70% of predictor variance "
"<h> Automation and Jobs <p> Even sophisticated language models such as OpenAI 's GPT-3 struggle with socially important topics like morality , history , and law . That 's the top-line finding from a new paper coauthored by Columbia , University of Chicago , and University of California , Berkeley researchers that proposes a 57-task test to measure models ' ability to reason . Models must possess problem-solving abilities and extensive knowledge about the world to perform well on the test . But in experiments , the coauthors found that the models they benchmarked -- including GPT-3 -- frequently did n't know when they were wrong . <p> The goal of the novel test set is to bridge the gap between the knowledge that models see during training and existing measures of success in natural language processing . Like all machine learning models , language models learn patterns from vast data sets often sourced from Wikipedia , Reddit , ebooks , and other web sources . Some recently introduced benchmarks attempt to capture the linguistic skills of models , but so far , there 's little evidence to suggest a @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ commonsense reasoning . <p> The researchers claim their test is different in that it assesses models across subjects humans commonly learn , like mathematics , history , and ethics . To craft it , graduate and undergraduate students collected 15,908 questions from freely available sources online , including practice exams for undergraduate courses , quizzes for readers of Oxford University Press publications , and tests like the Graduate Record Examination , U.S. Medical Licensing Examination , and Examination for Professional Practice in Psychology . The tasks range in difficulty from an elementary level to an "" advanced professional level , "" a sampling the coauthors argue is sufficient for identifying a model 's blind spots . <p> Above : Example questions from the researchers ' test set . <p> "" We measure arbitrary real-world text understanding , "" they wrote , noting that each subject contains at least 100 test examples . "" Since models are pretrained on the internet , this enables us to test how well they can extract useful knowledge from massive corpora . "" <p> In addition to GPT-3 , the researchers benchmarked Google 's T5 @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ against their test set . The results show that meaningful progress has only become possible in recent months , with models containing up to 13 billion parameters achieving 25% accuracy and 175-billion-parameter models like GPT-3 reaching 43.9% accuracy . ( Parameters are parts of the model learned from historical training data . ) But that being the case , GPT-3 failed to excel at any single subject ; its performance was on the test set was lopsided , with almost 70% accuracy for its best subject ( U.S. foreign policy ) but "" near-random "" performance for several other subjects ( e.g. , college chemistry ) . <p> "" Overall , GPT-3 does poorly on highly procedural problems , "" the researchers explained . "" It is notably poor at modeling human ( dis ) approval , as evident by the low performance on the professional law and moral scenarios tasks , and it also has difficulty performing calculations , so much so that it exhibits poor performance on elementary mathematics and many other STEM subjects with ' plug and chug ' problems ... We speculate that is in part @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . "" <p> The findings imply that current models have room for improvement , but it 's unclear whether existing techniques will suffice . As the researchers point out , previous research indicates that a 10 times increase in model size must be accompanied by an approximately 5 times increase in data , which might be logistically prohibitive . <p> "" Aside from the tremendous expense in creating multi-trillion parameter language models , data may also become a bottleneck , "" the researchers continued . "" There is far less written about esoteric branches of knowledge than about everyday text . """
"<h> "" The Cold War "" <h> Community Grade ( 111 Users ) <h> Your Grade <p> Steel yourselves , because there are many reasons why this mid-season finale works as well as it does , and there 's a lot of ground to cover . To list a few , the dialogue is especially rich -- concerning topics as interesting and diverse as philosophy , religion , and geopolitics -- but efficient . Those talk-heavy scenes are balanced out by some fun , relatively subtle physical comedy that take place in Team Machine 's underground subway lair -- a location ripe for laughs , really . As for the technical work , the direction and blocking of this episode were especially effective , communicating so much visually in scenes like the one featuring Root and the scary Samaritan-controlled child at the school . Enough with the unfocused fawning , though ; let 's get to the meat of the episode . <p> "" The Cold War "" is a great episode for many reasons , but chief among them is because it 's a master class in @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ aspiring television writers should break down and analyze more closely . "" The Cold War "" is named after a type of battle that involves escalating demonstrations of soft power . The relatively small-scale rivalry between Elias and Dominic has been abandoned for an epic fight between two superpowers . Here , Samaritan deploys a variety of non-violent intimidation and manipulation tactics that amount to a well-crafted argument as to why it deserves to win -- and "" win "" means reign supreme over humankind in this case . As the scale of Samaritan 's efforts escalates from the intimate to the epic , its terrifying plot and capacity for destruction are slowly revealed until the tension climaxes with a stunning reveal . <p> At first , Samaritan is satisfied to throw its weight around in the most intimate way possible -- by beating Team Machine at its own numbers game . Samaritan carries out a number 's murderous intentions , co-opting then perverting the team 's very mission . It does n't get much more personal than that . Samaritan then escalates its manipulative tactics by proving its ability to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ dictator kind of way ! While Samaritan demonstrates that its supremacy could have many benefits , like a crime-free city , this move is really meant to manipulate and confuse . Putting criminals behind bars could win adherents , but it ultimately serves to foster fear , creating what looks like an eye before the storm . <p> This is still preferable to the actual storm , which occurs when a wrathful Samaritan causes chaos by making a significant amount of private online information public . The fact that such an action-heavy show takes the time to explore alternative , non-violent ways of increasing drama and tension speaks to the writers ' creativity and range . The term cyberterrorism might seem more appropriate for cheesy plots ripped from the headlines on other shows , but it 's eerily relevant right now . This is a world where everything from young women 's private photos to companies ' classified documents are stolen and released online . Samaritan chose a timely method for demonstrating its own wrath as well as people 's capacity for evil . Samaritan is powerful -- but so is @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Machine requires Samaritan to argue why humankind needs to be controlled . Samaritan exploits their commonalities as artificial intelligence and the Machine 's affections for humans in order to manipulate its rival . Early in the episode , Finch argues that people ca n't trust artificial intelligence because it follows humans ' orders without following human logic . Samaritan also argues that artificial intelligence is intrinsically different than humans but comes to very different conclusions . Artificial intelligence like the Machine is more powerful than humans like Finch , humankind is chaotic , ergo artificial intelligence should take control of society . <p> Forms of artificial intelligence may not be typical characters , but the information gleaned about both of them based on their interactions in this episode results in a character study like any other . Samaritan 's cold war tactics -- and the Machine 's responses -- reveal much about both entities . Ultimately , Samaritan 's attempts at manipulation prove unsuccessful , as the Machine remains loyal to humankind , citing the importance of free will . Altogether , the debates between the Machine and Samaritan allude to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , and religion , and the episode is all the better for it . <p> Escalation after escalation leads to the episode 's climax , where Greer observes as Samaritan 's meddling leads to a Wall Street stock market crash . Where does the show go from here ? A new status quo with the United States facing an economic catastrophe would be fascinating . This development could give Greer everything he 's ever wished for -- a world without lines and boundaries thanks to all-consuming chaos . In reality , though , he would have only shifted his allegiance from a human to artificial intelligence . Based on his past experiences with his fellow humans , maybe that 's good enough . <p> Stray observations : <p> * Root in a teddy bear costume , handcuffs , Shaw eating a sandwich , and Bear whining make for a good opening . <p> * The gun sequence in the church epitomizes this episode 's great use of physical humor . <p> * "" I will destroy you . "" That kid was terrifying . <p> * Who needs a new Bond @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> * Amy Acker is the episode 's MVP , though it 's not the first time and certainly wo n't be the last . She was paired with several actors -- a couple of them being new -- and rocked every scene ."
"<h> ShareAll sharing options for:Rite Aid used facial recognition in secret across hundreds of its stores <p> Drugstore chain Rite Aid secretly deployed facial recognition software across a network of security cameras in hundreds of locations in the US , according to a new investigation from Reuters published on Tuesday . The company had been doing so for more than eight years , and it only recently stopped using the technology , it told Reuters , following a "" larger industry conversation "" around facial recognition and the grave concern over privacy risks and racial discrimination it presents . <p> Yet , Reuters says Rite Aid initially defended its use of facial recognition as a deterrent against theft and violent crime , having nothing to do with race . The investigation found that not to be entirely true . "" In areas where people of color , including Black or Latino residents , made up the largest racial or ethnic group , Reuters found that stores were more than three times as likely to have the technology , "" the report reads . <p> After presenting its findings to the company , Reuters says Rite Aid issued a new @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ "" This decision was in part based on a larger industry conversation , "" Rite Aid said . "" Other large technology companies seem to be scaling back or rethinking their efforts around facial recognition given increasing uncertainty around the technology 's utility . "" <p> ' Reuters ' found that Rite Aid deployed the tech in predominantly minority neighborhoods <p> A growing concern among activists , artificial intelligence researchers , and lawmakers is that the tech is being sold and used in secret , without oversight or regulation that might protect against civil rights abuses . Companies like Clearview AI -- which was found to have been supplying a powerful facial recognition database and search tool to countless law enforcement agencies and private companies -- have emerged as public faces of the threat the tech poses to privacy and other at-risk civil liberties . Now , it 's looking like even run-of-the-mill retail chains , like Rite Aid , might be using facial recognition in secret . <p> Of particular alarm in Rite Aid 's case is that the company used the tech of a vendor , DeepCam , @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Prior to that , Rite Aid used a company called FaceFirst , which , until 2017 , did not rely on any form of artificial intelligence and as a result routinely misidentified people , often Black individuals , based on blurry photos its cameras captured , Reuters reports . The point of the whole operation , the report states , was to alert security personnel of someone entering the store that had exhibited past criminal activity , so that they may be asked to leave to help prevent theft or crime . But Reuters ' interviews with former employees and managers illustrate how the system was used to racially profile customers . <p> While Rite Aid would not say which stores were using the cameras , Reuters found them at 33 out of 75 Rite Aid locations in New York and Los Angeles from last October to this month . Rite Aid says it informed customers that the cameras were scanning their faces as they walked through the store , but the investigation found that appropriate signage was missing from at least a third of the locations making use of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @"
"<h> Screen Queensland Agrees Development Pact With Wattpad <p> Screen Queensland , the Queensland state 's film support body , has struck a deal with Canada 's Wattpad to develop stories . Wattpad uses global audience insights and machine learning to find and develop hit projects for screens . <p> Screen Queensland and Wattpad will select up to three successful stories from the Wattpad platform and ask Queensland screen industry creatives to submit their ' take ' . Writers will provide a pitch outlining how they plan to translate the story to screen . The winning three may then move into further development with the input and feedback of the Wattpad platform audience over the following 12 months . The intention is to identify a project to secure marketplace backing and achieve production in Queensland . <p> Another Wattpad story , written by Beth Reekles accumulated 19 million reads and built an international fanbase before being developed for Netflix as "" The Kissing Booth . "" <p> Queensland has been home to the production of films including Warner Bros . "" Aquaman , "" Paramount Pictures ' "" Dora and the Lost City of Gold , "" and Marvel @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ productions Emmy-Award winning children 's animation "" Bluey "" by Ludo Studio , political drama series "" Total Control "" by Blackfella Films , and "" Tidelands "" by Hoodlum Entertainment for Netflix."
"<h> Facebook pushes EU for dilute and fuzzy internet content rules <p> Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is in Europe this week -- attending a security conference in Germany over the weekend , where he spoke about the kind of regulation he 'd like applied to his platform , ahead of a slate of planned closed door meetings with digital heavyweights at the European Commission . <p> "" I do think that there should be regulation on harmful content , "" said Zuckerberg during a Q&amp;A session at the Munich Security Conference , per Reuters , making a pitch for bespoke regulation . <p> He went on to suggest "" there 's a question about which framework you use , "" telling delegates : "" Right now there are two frameworks that I think people have for existing industries -- there 's like newspapers and existing media , and then there 's the telco-type model , which is ' the data just flows through you , ' but you 're not going to hold a telco responsible if someone says something harmful on a phone line . "" <p> "" I @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , "" he added , making his plea for internet platforms to be a special case . <p> At the conference he also said Facebook now employs 35,000 people to review content on its platform and implement security measures -- including suspending around 1 million fake accounts per day , a stat he professed himself "" proud "" of . <p> The Facebook chief is due to meet with key commissioners covering the digital sphere this week , including competition chief and digital EVP Margrethe Vestager , internal market commissioner Thierry Breton and Vera Jourov ? , who is leading policymaking around online disinformation . <p> The timing of his trip is clearly linked to digital policymaking in Brussels -- with the Commission due to set out its thinking around the regulation of artificial intelligence this week . ( A leaked draft last month suggested policymakers are eyeing risk-based rules to wrap around AI . ) <p> More widely , the Commission is wrestling with how to respond to a range of problematic online content -- from terrorism to disinformation and election interference -- which also puts Facebook 's 2 @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ <p> The details of the DSA have yet to be publicly laid out , but any move to rethink platform liabilities could present a disruptive risk for a content-distributing giant such as Facebook . <p> Going into meetings with key commissioners Zuckerberg made his preference for being considered a "" special "" case clear -- saying he wants his platform to be regulated not like the media businesses which his empire has financially disrupted ; nor like a dumbpipe telco . <p> On the latter it 's clear -- even to Facebook -- that the days of Zuckerberg being able to trot out his erstwhile mantra that "" we 're just a technology platform , "" and wash his hands of tricky content stuff , are long gone . <p> Russia 's 2016 foray into digital campaigning in the U.S. elections and sundry content horrors/scandals before and since have put paid to that -- from nation state-backed fake news campaigns to live-streamed suicides and mass murder . <p> Facebook has been forced to increase its investment in content moderation . Meanwhile , it announced a News section launch last year @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ in a dedicated tab . <p> The "" we 're just a platform "" line has n't been working for years . And EU policymakers are preparing to do something about that . <p> With regulation looming , Facebook is now directing its lobbying energies into trying to shape a policymaking debate -- calling for what it dubs "" the ' right ' regulation . "" <p> In a blog post published today Facebook pulls its latest policy lever : putting out a white paper which poses a series of questions intended to frame the debate at a key moment of public discussion around digital policymaking . <p> Top of this list is a push to foreground focus on free speech , with Facebook questioning "" how can content regulation best achieve the goal of reducing harmful speech while preserving free expression ? "" -- before suggesting more of the same : ( Free , to its business ) user-generated policing of its platform . <p> Another suggestion it sets out which aligns with existing Facebook moves to steer regulation in a direction it 's comfortable with is for an @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ removal or non-removal . Which of course entirely aligns with a content decision review body Facebook is in the process of setting up -- but which is not in fact independent of Facebook . <p> Facebook is also lobbying in the white paper to be able to throw platform levers to meet a threshold of "" acceptable vileness "" -- i.e. it wants a proportion of law-violating content to be sanctioned by regulators -- with the tech giant suggesting : "" Companies could be incentivized to meet specific targets such as keeping the prevalence of violating content below some agreed threshold . "" <p> It 's also pushing for the fuzziest and most dilute definition of "" harmful content "" possible . On this Facebook argues that existing ( national ) speech laws -- such as , presumably , Germany 's Network Enforcement Act ( aka the NetzDG law ) which already covers online hate speech in that market -- should not apply to Internet content platforms , as it claims moderating this type of content is "" fundamentally different . "" <p> "" Governments should create rules to address @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ among internet services , can be enforced at scale , and allow for flexibility across language , trends and context , "" it writes -- lobbying for maximum possible leeway to be baked into the coming rules . <p> "" The development of regulatory solutions should involve not just lawmakers , private companies and civil society , but also those who use online platforms , "" Facebook 's VP of content policy , Monika Bickert , also writes in the blog . <p> "" If designed well , new frameworks for regulating harmful content can contribute to the internet 's continued success by articulating clear ways for government , companies , and civil society to share responsibilities and work together . Designed poorly , these efforts risk unintended consequences that might make people less safe online , stifle expression and slow innovation , "" she adds , ticking off more of the tech giant 's usual talking points at the point policymakers start discussing putting hard limits on its ad business . <p> Update : In remarks to journalists following Zuckerberg 's round of meetings , Politico reported Breton gave @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ was offering too little "" in terms of responsibility and regulation "" . He also rejected the idea of a third status for regulating Internet platforms and pointed out Facebook had had nothing to say on "" market power "" . <p> "" It 's not for us to adapt to those companies , but for them to adapt to us , "" Breton added . <p> During the press briefing Zuckerberg is also reported to have suggested it 's "" operationally unfeasible "" for a platform of Facebook 's size to apply strict content rules -- "" given that there are more than 100 billion pieces of content a day , and that we 're not generally producing the content "" . <p> Let me traslate : "" I 'm calling for regulation the way I define it . So you can blame others while I 'm making money . regulation helps incumbents like me &amp; it will be hell for startups trying to compete . Actually , just do n't mention competition . Yours , Zuck "" https : //t.co/N0bwi4iIqy"
"<h> Login to your account <p> CAMBRIDGE , Mass. , Sept. 9 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The MIT Leaders for Global Operations ( LGO ) program announced today that ResMed , a global digital health and connected medical device company , has become the newest member of its industry partnership . This addition brings the partner company total to 25 -- 18 of which are in the Fortune 500 or Global Fortune 500 . <p> MIT LGO collaborates with the MIT Sloan School of Management and the MIT School of Engineering to deliver an interdisciplinary Engineering-MBA dual degree program . The two-year curriculum features internships at elite partner companies . MIT LGO students develop leadership skills for the pharmaceutical , manufacturing , geosciences , energy , high-tech , and global supply chain industries , among others . <p> Founded in 1989 , ResMed provides digital health technologies and cloud-connectable medical devices that transform care for millions living with sleep apnea , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and other chronic diseases . The company also provides software to out-of-hospital care agencies to streamline transitions of care into and between these care @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ more than 7,500 employees worldwide and sells product into more than 140 countries . ResMed achieved revenues of US$3.0 billion in fiscal year 2020 and has a market capitalization of $25 billion . <p> ResMed CEO Mick Farrell is a 1998 alumnus of the MIT LGO program . <p> "" ResMed aligns with the underlying vision of the MIT LGO program to meld engineering and management excellence , "" said Thomas Roemer , Executive Director of the MIT LGO program . "" The ResMed internships will be high value engagements that train future operations leaders with the technical depth and management capability to drive innovation in industry 4.0 . It will also generate unique research insights into AI and machine learning . "" <p> "" The future of healthcare is digital , and we need leaders with both engineering expertise and business acumen to help guide this industry and provide life-changing care to billions of people worldwide , "" said Farrell . <p> ResMed will launch its MIT LGO internship program in June 2021 with projects that aim to shape the future of healthcare . Six-month internships to be held @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ on optimizing global supply chains to provide access to rich information and empower rapid decision making , the use of data science techniques to personalize patient therapy , and exploring machine learning solutions to improve operational efficiency . <p> "" The MIT LGO program is well aligned with ResMed 's ongoing digital health technology strategy , "" said ResMed 's program sponsor and Chief Technology Officer Bobby Ghoshal . "" We 're excited to help develop the next generation of industry leaders . "" <p> For further information , contact : <p> Paul Denning <p> or <p> Patricia Favreau <p> Director of Media Relations <p> Associate Director of Media Relations <p> ( 617 ) 253-0576 <p> 617-253-3492 <p> denning@mit.edu <p> pfavreau@mit.edu <p> View original content to download multimedia:https : **28;364;TOOLONG ... SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management <p> Markets Insider and Business Insider Editorial Teams were not involved in the creation of this post ."
"<p> Deepfakes are videos that are edited , with the help of artificial intelligence , to make someone appear to say or do something that they did not . Deepfakes can be essentially indistinguishable from reality . <h> Deepfakes : Videos made to manipulate <p> Deepfakes are videos that are edited , with the help of artificial intelligence , to make someone appear to say or do something that they did not . Deepfakes can be essentially indistinguishable from reality . <p> With advances in artificial intelligence , people are able to manipulate videos with unprecedented realism in order to deceive people . <p> According to Edward Delp , director of the Video and Imaging Processing Laboratory at Purdue , <p> Deepfakes are videos that have been modified through machine learning to create artificial images and sounds . For example , faces in videos can be altered to make someone appear to say something that they did n't say . <p> According to Baijian "" Justin "" Yang , an associate professor of computer and information technology , deepfake creators use Generative Adversarial Networks , which have a generative network that creates media and a discriminative network that tries @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ two networks are made to work against each other . <p> According to a webpage called Interesting Engineering , the discriminator checks the generator , but the generator tries to trick the discriminator so it is not able to tell the difference between the real and computer-generated video . GANs can be trained with databases , so over time the network builds up its knowledge of examples . <p> In the past , it was a lot easier to detect deepfakes , but with recent advances , detection has become more difficult . Deepfake programs can adapt to changes , and they are more prolific than ever , with free tools being available to anyone online . <p> However , there is ongoing research on how to detect and combat deepfakes . According to Yang , researchers at the University of Southern California are developing a new type of program that assesses behavior patterns of the actor and compares it to the real person . <p> At the end of the day , the creators can swap the face , but it is still the actor 's body being used @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . <p> Edward Delp , director of the Video and Imaging Processing Laboratory at Purdue , is part of a research group that has developed tools to examine whether or not a video is a deepfake , which they have been working on for over 18 months . Delp believes that deepfakes will play a role in upcoming politics . <p> "" They 're gon na be used for the election , "" Delp said over the phone . "" I 'm actually convinced of that . "" <p> There have also been many other applications of deepfakes , such as fake pornography videos . <p> According to Yang , the real issue is that laws have n't been passed or enforced to protect against deepfakes and the threats they pose . <p> "" There 's no laws or regulations to say that user technology is not legal , "" Yang said over the phone . "" The policies are"
"<h> I Ca n't Breathe : Braving Tear Gas in a Pandemic <p> The first time I was teargassed , in Istanbul , Turkey , I thought I was going to die . Overwhelming pain flooded my eyes , nose , throat , and lungs . I could n't breathe . The most recent time I was teargassed , in November in Hong Kong , I paused to assess the situation , and nonchalantly reached for my mask in my backpack . <p> I had ducked into a building in the middle of Hong Kong 's swirling protests and had walked out , unexpectedly , into a cloud of tear gas . I was n't calm because I had somehow mutated to become resistant to tear gas . But like every protester in sustained political movements , I had been through the experience enough times to know what to expect . I knew about the first moment of existential horror , the shock of losing one 's breath , and the deep indignation of being gassed like an insect . I knew how to acclimate , adjust , and gear up . If you 're teargassed repeatedly , as @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ you learn how to hold your breath and close your eyes . You learn how to avoid gulping a huge amount of wretched air in sheer panic , and how to quickly move toward an area with less concentrated gas . Most important , you learn to acquire a full-face respirator that keeps the gas out . <p> Being teargassed during a pandemic , as so many have been this past week in the United States , is a different experience . Tear gas is a major irritant to one 's throat , nose , and lungs , the very places the coronavirus attaches to in order to start its silent invasion . The U.S. Army found that recruits who were exposed to tear gas -- to ensure that their first shocking experience with the weapon was in a controlled environment -- had more respiratory illnesses in the following days . A study from Turkey similarly found chronic respiratory problems , persisting for years , among activists , journalists , and students frequently exposed to tear gas . Many reported ongoing dyspnea -- the medical term for "" I ca @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ of people who turned out in the streets to protest the killing of black people by the police with apparent impunity are being suffocated , momentarily , by clouds of gas . Many are protected by little more than cloth masks because , in a pandemic , how do you get respirators ? If doctors can not find them , millions of protesters are n't going to be able to procure them . <p> The response to being teargassed follows a typical pattern : shock , outrage , gear up . In the summer of 2019 in Hong Kong , at the beginning of its latest protest wave , when tear gas landed near the crowds , there would often be panic and screaming ( a bad way to gulp air ! ) and confused running ( which can be dangerousby itself ) . Only a few months later , Hong Kong 's frontline protesters showed up clad in standard-issue global protester gear : respirators , helmets , and long sleeves . They also learned the trick beloved by many movements : using heat-resistant gloves to toss canisters back at @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ they swatted the canisters back at the police with badminton rackets . When the police charged to arrest them , they ran so that they could fight another day , but they almost never ran from the gas . <p> Extreme soccer fans , used to having rowdy interactions with the police , have also learned to acclimate to the gas and gear up . These fans can become frontline fighters of protest movements , as the so-called ultras ( devoted soccer fans ) did during the Arab Spring , or as the left-leaning "" ? arsi/Besiktas soccer club "" fans did in Gezi Park protests in 2013 . In one remarkable video from those protests , ? arsi soccer fans in their home neighborhood of Besiktas , Istanbul , can be seen chanting defiantly in the middle of gas so thick that the police are n't visible , although it 's possible to make out the protesters ' middle fingers . <p> In a non-pandemic world , tear gas will disperse marchers for a week or two while they gear up , but it will shock and anger them @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ the growing global fraternity of the teargassed -- such a common experience that I titled my book on 21st-century social movements Twitter and Tear Gas . The indignation and rage that follow the experience can propel people from being casual participants to lifelong activists . <p> For many people , tear gas is their first interaction with state violence . It 's the first time they 've been treated like an insect , usually by police geared up like robocops . That warlike stance is a strong escalatory agent in a protest . It 's common sense : Aggression from the police will fuel escalation . This is confirmed by decades of research : Combative and belligerent police action is often pivotal to starting and escalating a cycle of violence . After decades of research , I 've personally concluded that perhaps the single most effective police action for crowd control would be for the police to show up dressed like humans , not terminators . But crowd control is often not the point of state violence . Its goal is usually to put people in their place , to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . Viewed through that lens , it 's no wonder that tear gas is a tool of choice . Tear gas will enrage , but not deter . It will hurt and maim , but not de-escalate . <p> Tear gas is among the so-called cluster of nonlethal weapons -- also including rubber bullets and water cannons -- but those are anything but when shot directly at people , a too-common occurrence , rather than upward at a 45-degree angle , as they are supposed to be used . Already , two U.S. journalists have lost an eye this week , one from a tear-gas-canister strike , the other from a foam bullet . <p> In one incident in Miami , witnessed by reporters , the protester LaToya Ratlieff had been kneeling on the ground , urging the police in riot gear in front of her to stop teargassing the protesters . She was teargassed anyway . Choking , she stumbled , and another woman tried to lead her to safety , a moment captured in a photo by a reporter . Moments later , as Ratlieff was walking away @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ with no warning . Someone yelled at him to stop , but he fired anyway , hitting her with a projectile . Ratlieff , a black woman , was lucky by the standards of how these things usually go . Though her eye socket and skull were cracked , she will likely not lose her eye . She joins many victims around the world who have suffered from concussions , skull fractures , blindness , and even death due to such deliberate direct shots . Many human-rights organizations have repeatedlycalled for banning or greatly limiting their use , but they have made little progress . That 's why I keep my helmet on at all times in protest areas , and if tear gas is being fired , I 'll put on my shatterproof goggles before reaching for my gas mask . <p> But during a pandemic , the risk is n't just flying rubber bullets or tear-gas canisters . The protesters descending on America 's streets this past week face an extra risk from the coronavirus , especially if they 're crowded into buses , jails , or other @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , and unventilated , that we now know lead to super-spreader events . Epidemiologists have been providing harm-reduction advice on how to protest as safely as possible . Wear a mask . Keep distance . Protesters can chant and yell , which produce the respiratory droplets that spread the virus . Maybe more signs and drums , less chanting . Stick with a small group to reduce unknown contacts . Given that this virus does n't seem to spread as effectively outdoors , a properly distanced protest with people wearing masks may be a relatively low-risk event . But that 's only if everyone cooperates -- including the authorities . There have been videos of police pulling down protesters ' masks in order to pepper-spray them , of people being teargassed against steep hillsides that trap them , making them unable to escape the suffocating cloud . Many protesters report being shoved into packed buses , being housed in crowded garages , and being kept in jails without medical attention or the ability to distance . That 's one way to create new super-spreader events . <p> Some conservative commentators @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ have been expressing frustration that beachgoers and park attendees have been scolded and shamed both by the media and on social media , while protesters have mainly received sympathy . They have a point ; the scolding and shaming of park-goers and beachgoers was way overdone . But protesting police brutality and structural racism is an essential activity . <p> Most important , protesting is not about avoiding all risk . Protesting is about putting yourself out there despite all the risk , from the police and the virus , to engage in an act of shared vulnerability to make a political point : This will not stand . While I do keep my helmet on when interviewing protesters , I keep my mask in my backpack . A full-face mask also blocks eye contact and looks alien . If my interview subjects may be unpleasantly shocked by the sudden bang of tear-gas particles enveloping us , I do n't want to be more protected than they are . <p> And that 's the most remarkable part of these protests , now in their second sustained week nationwide . It @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ ; it 's that they are out there in spite of these risks , to say that black lives matter . Eric Garner could n't breathe . George Floyd could n't breathe . And now , by showing up day after day , even amid a widespread crackdown , the protesters are facing the risk of not just the tear gas that will cut off their breath , but also the very disease whose hallmark is dyspnea , the inability to breathe . <p> We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com . <p> Zeynep Tufekci is an associate professor at the University of North Carolina , and a faculty associate at the Harvard Berkman Klein Center for Internet and Society . She studies the interaction between digital technology , artificial intelligence , and society ."
"<p> The technology underpinning Lightmatter 's platform -- photonic integrated circuits -- stems from a 2017 paper coauthored by Lightmatter CEO and MIT alumnus Nicholas Harris that described a novel way to perform machine learning workloads using optical interference . Such chips require only a limited amount of energy because light produces less heat than electricity . They also benefit from reduced latency and are less susceptible to changes in temperature , electromagnetic fields , and noise . <p> According to Lightmatter , Passage offers a fully reconfigurable connection topology between chips , ostensibly reducing the cost and complexity of building heterogeneous systems . The interconnect packs 40 switchable photonic lanes into a space that traditionally supports one optical fiber , enabling chip-to-chip speeds exceeding 1Tbps at a latency of 5 nanoseconds across an array of 48 chips . ( Lightmatter says these measurements were achieved on hardware in its lab . ) Today , most server processors communicate with each other via optical fibers at speeds of around 400Gbps . <p> Harris notes that Passage is chip-agnostic , so customers could put AMD and Nvidia hardware on top of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ . He also asserts that Passage significantly reduces the energy needed to power processors and datacenters . <p> "" Lightmatter is leading a necessary paradigm shift in computer architecture needed to power the next giant leaps in compute technology while also reducing the negative impact on our planet of rapidly growing state-of-the-art , yet inefficient , compute and communications solutions , "" said Harris . "" Modern compute workloads call for system-level performance . With Passage , we 've created a photonic rack-on-chip solution that enables ultra-high bandwidth interconnection between different kinds of chips while simultaneously reducing cost , complexity , and energy consumption and capable of supporting the future of computing . "" <p> Lightmatter 's hardware , which is designed to be plugged into both standard servers and workstations , is n't immune to the limitations of optical processing . Speedy photonic circuits require speedy memory , and then there 's the matter of packaging every component -- including lasers , modulators , and optical combiners -- onto tiny wafers . <p> That may be why companies like Intel and LightOn are pursuing hybrid approaches that combine silicon @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ parts of the model run optically and parts of it run electronically . These companies are not alone -- startup Lightelligence has so far demonstrated the MNIST benchmark machine learning model , which uses computer vision to recognize handwritten digits , on its technology . And LightOn , Optalysis , and Fathom Computing , all vying for a slice of the budding optical chip market , have raised tens of millions in venture capital for their own chips . <p> Not to be outdone , Boston-based Lightmatter has raised a total of $33 million from GV ( Alphabet 's venture arm ) , Spark Capital , and Matrix Partners , among other investors . Lightmatter says its current focus beyond hardware is ensuring the test chip works with popular AI software , including Google 's TensorFlow machine learning framework ."
"<p> A recent decision by research lab OpenAI to limit the release of a new algorithm has caused controversy in the AI community . <p> The nonprofit said it decided not to share the full version of the program , a text-generation algorithm named GPT-2 , due to concerns over "" malicious applications . "" But many AI researchers have criticized the decision , accusing the lab of exaggerating the danger posed by the work and inadvertently stoking "" mass hysteria "" about AI in the process . <p> Researchers joked that their latest amazing work was just too dangerous to share <p> The debate has been wide-ranging and sometimes contentious . It even turned into a bit of a meme among AI researchers , who joked that they 've had an amazing breakthrough in the lab , but the results were too dangerous to share at the moment . More importantly , it 's highlighted a number of challenges for the community as a whole , including the difficulty of communicating new technologies with the press , and the problem of balancing openness with responsible disclosure . <p> The program at the center of all the fuss is relatively straightforward . GPT-2 is the latest example of a new class of text-generation algorithms , which are expected to have a big impact in the future . When fed a prompt like a headline or the first line of a story , GPT-2 produces text that matches the input . The results are varied but often surprisingly coherent . Fabricated news stories , for example , closely mimic the tone and structure of real articles , complete with invented statistics and quotations from made-up sources . <p> It is , in many ways , a fun tool with the power to delight and surprise . But it does n't have anywhere near the ability of humans to comprehend and produce text . It generates text but does n't understand it . OpenAI and outside experts agree that it 's not a breakthrough per se , but rather a brilliantly executed example of what cutting-edge text generation can do . <p> OpenAI 's reasons for restricting the release include the potential for programs like GPT-2 to create "" misleading news articles "" as well as automate spam and abuse . For this reason , while they published a paper describing the work as well with a "" much smaller "" version of the program , the researchers withheld the training data and full model . In the usually open-by-default world of AI research , where code , data , and models are shared and discussed widely , the move -- and OpenAI 's reasoning -- has attracted a lot of attention . <p> Some examples of GPT-2 responding to text prompts : <p> Samples of GPT-2 in action . The underlined text is generated by the AI . <h> The arguments against OpenAI 's decision <p> Criticism has revolved around a few key points . First , by withholding the model , OpenAI is stopping other researchers from replicating their work . Second , the model itself does n't pose as great a threat as OpenAI says . And third , OpenAI did n't do enough to counteract the media 's tendency to hype and distort this sort of AI news . <p> The first point is pretty straightforward . Although machine learning is a relatively democratic field , with lone researchers able to deliver surprising breakthroughs , in recent years , there 's been an increasing emphasis on resource-intensive research . Algorithms like GPT-2 are created using huge amounts of computing power and big datasets , both of which are expensive . The argument goes that if well-funded labs like OpenAI do n't share their results , it impoverishes the rest of the community . <p> Academics ca n't compete if big labs withhold their work <p> "" It 's put academics at a big disadvantage , "" Anima Anandkumar , an AI professor at Caltech and director of machine learning research at Nvidia , told The Verge . In a blog post , Anandkumar said OpenAI was effectively using its clout to "" make ML research more closed and inaccessible . "" ( And in a tweet responding to OpenAI 's announcement , she was even more candid , calling the decision "" Malicious BS . "" ) <p> Others in the field echo this criticism , arguing that , in the case of potentially harmful research , open publication is even more important , as other researchers can look for faults in the work and come up with countermeasures . <p> Speaking to The Verge , OpenAI research scientist Miles Brundage , who works on the societal impact of artificial intelligence , said the lab was "" acutely aware "" of this sort of trade-off . He said via email that the lab was considering ways to "" alleviate "" the problem of limited access , by inviting more individuals to test the model , for example . <p> Anandkumar , who stressed that she was speaking in a personal capacity , also said that OpenAI 's rationale for withholding the model did n't add up . Although the computing power needed to re-create the work is beyond the reach of most academics , it would be relatively easy for any determined or well-funded group to get . This would include those who might benefit from abusing the algorithm , like nation states organizing online propaganda campaigns . <p> The threat of AI being used to automate the creation of spam and misinformation is a real threat , says Anandkumar , "" but I do n't think limiting access to this particular model will solve the problem . "" <p> Delip Rao , an expert in text generation who 's worked on projects to detect fake news and misinformation using AI , agrees that the threats OpenAI describes are exaggerated . He notes that , with fake news , for example , the quality of the text is rarely a barrier , as much of this sort of misinformation is made by copying and pasting bits of other stories . "" You do n't need fancy machine learning for that , "" says Rao . And when it comes to evading spam filters , he says , most systems rely on a range of signals , including things like a user 's IP address and recent activity -- not just checking to see if the spammer is writing cogently . <p> "" The words ' too dangerous ' were casually thrown out here . "" <p> "" I 'm aware that models like GPT-2 could be used for purposes that are unwholesome , but that could be said of any similar model that 's released so far , "" says Rao , who also wrote a blog post on the topic . "" The words ' too dangerous ' were casually thrown out here without a lot of thought or experimentation . I do n't think OpenAI spent enough time proving it was actually dangerous . "" <p> Brundage says the lab consulted with outside experts to gauge the risks , but he stressed that OpenAI was making a broader case for the dangers of increasingly sophisticated text-generation systems , not just about GPT-2 specifically . <p> "" We understand why some saw our announcement as exaggerated , though it 's important to distinguish what we said from what others said , "" he wrote . "" We tried to highlight both the current capabilities of GPT-2 as well as the risks of a broader class of systems , and we should have been more precise on that distinction . "" <p> Brundage also notes that OpenAI wants to err on the side of caution , and he says that releasing the full models would be an "" irreversible "" move . In an interview with The Vergelast week , OpenAI 's policy director compared the technology to the face-swapping algorithms used to create deepfakes . These were released as open-source projects and were soon swept up by individuals around the world for their own uses , including the creation of non-consensual pornography . <h> The difficulty of AI media hype <p> While debates over the dangers of text-generation models and academic access have no obvious conclusion , the problem of communicating new technologies with the public is even thornier , say researchers . <p> Did OpenAI 's approach stoke misinformed coverage ? <p> Critics of OpenAI 's approach noted that the "" too dangerous to release "" angle became the focus of much coverage , providing a juicy headline that obscured the actual threat posed by the technology . Headlines like "" Elon Musk 's OpenAI builds artificial intelligence so powerful it must be kept locked up for the good of humanity "" were common . ( Elon Musk 's association with OpenAI is a long-standing bugbear for the lab . He co-founded the organization in 2015 but reportedly had little direct involvement and resigned from its board last year . ) <p> Although getting frustrated about bad coverage of their field is hardly a new experience for scientists , the stakes are particularly high when it comes to AI research . This is partly because public conceptions about AI are so out-of-line with actual capabilities , but it 's also because the field is grappling with issues like funding and regulation . If the general public becomes unduly worried about AI , could it lead to less meaningful research ? <p> A lot of coverage of GPT-2 focused on OpenAI withholding the full model . <p> In this light , some researchers say that OpenAI 's strategy for GPT-2 actively contributed to bad narratives . They also blame reporters for failing to put the work in its proper context . "" I feel the press was primed with the narrative OpenAI set them , and I do n't think that 's a very objective way to create reporting , "" says Rao . He also noted that the embargoed nature of the work ( where reporters write their stories in advance and publish them at the same time ) contributed to the distortion . <p> Anandkumar says : "" I have deep admiration for the people who work at OpenAI and this is interesting work but it does n't warrant this type of media attention ... It 's not healthy for the community and it 's not healthy for the public . "" <p> OpenAI says it did its best to preemptively combat this hype , stressing the limitations of the system to journalists and hoping they would find faults themselves when experimenting with the program . "" We know the model sometimes breaks , and we told journalists this , and we hoped their own experience with it would lead to them noting the places where it breaks , "" said Brundage . "" This did happen , but perhaps not to the same extent we imagined . "" <p> Other AI labs have grappled with similar problems <p> Although OpenAI 's decisions to restrict the release of GPT-2 were unconventional , some labs have gone even further . The Machine Intelligence Research Institute ( MIRI ) , for example , which is focused on mitigating threats from AI systems , became "" nondisclosed-by-default "" as of last November , and it wo n't publish research unless there 's an "" explicit decision "" to do so . <p> The lab laid out a number of reasons for this in a lengthy blog post , but it said it wanted to focus on "" deconfusion "" -- that is , making the terms of the debate over AI risk clear before it engaged more widely on the subject . It approvingly quoted a board member that described MIRI as "" sitting reclusively off by itself , while mostly leaving questions of politics , outreach , and how much influence the AI safety community has , to others . "" <p> This is a very different approach to OpenAI , which , even while limiting the release of the model , has certainly done its best to engage in wider questions . <p> Brundage says that , despite the criticism , OpenAI thinks it "" broadly "" made the right decision , and there would likely be similar cases in the future where "" concerns around safety or security limit our publication of code/models/data . "" He notes that , ultimately , the lab thinks it 's better to have the discussion before the threats emerge than after , even if critics disagree with their methods of doing so . <p> He adds : "" There are so many moving parts to this decision that we mostly view it as : did we do something that helps OpenAI deal better with this class of problems in the future ? The answer to that is yes . As models get increasingly more powerful , more and more organizations will need to think through these issues . """
"<h> 1 <h> 2 <h> Circular reasoning : Spiraling circuits for more efficient AI <p> Date : <p> June 14 , 2020 <p> Source : <p> Institute of Industrial Science , The University of Tokyo <p> Summary : <p> Scientists have built new specialized computer hardware that can perform AI tasks more efficiently based on a spiraling 3D architecture . This work may help with the development of energy efficient smart devices . <p> Share : <p> FULL STORY <p> Researchers from the Institute of Industrial Science at The University of Tokyo designed and built specialized computer hardware consisting of stacks of memory modules arranged in a 3D-spiral for artificial intelligence ( AI ) applications . This research may open the way for the next generation of energy efficient AI devices . <p> advertisement <p> Machine learning is a type of AI that allows computers to be trained by example data to make predictions for new instances . For example , a smart speaker algorithm like Alexa can learn to understand your voice commands , so it can understand you even when you ask for something for the first time . However , AI tends to require a great @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ about adding to climate change . <p> Now , scientists from the Institute of Industrial Science at The University of Tokyo have developed a novel design for stacking resistive random-access memory modules with oxide semiconductor ( IGZO ) access transistor in a three-dimensional spiral . Having on-chip nonvolatile memory placed close to the processors makes the machine learning training process much faster and more energy efficient . This is because electrical signals have a much shorter distance to travel compared with conventional computer hardware . Stacking multiple layers of circuits is a natural step , since training the algorithm often requires many operations to be run in parallel at the same time . <p> "" For these applications , each layer 's output is typically connected to the next layer 's input . Our architecture greatly reduces the need for interconnecting wiring , "" says first author Jixuan Wu . <p> The team was able to make the device even more energy efficient by implementing a system of binarized neural networks . Instead of allowing the parameters to be any number , they are restricted to be either +1 or @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ as well as compressing the amount of data that must be stored . They tested the device using a common task in AI , interpreting a database of handwritten digits . The scientists showed that increasing the size of each circuit layer could enhance the accuracy of the algorithm , up to a maximum of around 90% . <p> Institute of Industrial Science , The University of Tokyo . "" Circular reasoning : Spiraling circuits for more efficient AI . "" ScienceDaily . ScienceDaily , 14 June 2020. **45;3211;TOOLONG ... Institute of Industrial Science , The University of Tokyo . ( 2020 , June 14 ) . Circular reasoning : Spiraling circuits for more efficient AI . ScienceDaily . Retrieved June 16 , 2020 from **45;3258;TOOLONG ... Institute of Industrial Science , The University of Tokyo . "" Circular reasoning : Spiraling circuits for more efficient AI . "" ScienceDaily. **45;3305;TOOLONG ... ( accessed June 16 , 2020 ) . <h> 1 <h> 2 <h> 3 <h> 4 <h> 5 <p> Oct. 3 , 2019 ? A research team has invented a semiconductor quantum well system that can efficiently cool @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ allow for smaller and faster smart ... <p> Dec. 19 , 2018 ? Engineers have developed a neuroinspired hardware-software co-design approach that could make neural network training more energy-efficient and faster . Their work could one day make it possible to ... <p> Oct. 16 , 2018 ? A group of researchers reports the construction of the first reservoir computing device built with a microelectromechanical system . The neural network exploits the nonlinear dynamics of a microscale ... <p> FROM AROUND THE WEB <p> Below are relevant articles that may interest you . ScienceDaily shares links with scholarly publications in the TrendMD network and earns revenue from third-party advertisers , where indicated ."
"<h> The World 's Top Ice and Snow Expo is About to Open : A Glimpse of the Good Highlights <p> BEIJING , Sept. 2 , 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- The WWSE is a brand of the ice and snow industry co-sponsored by the Beijing Olympic City Development Association and the International Data Group , co-organized and co-built by the Association of the International Olympic Winter Sports Federations ( AIOWF ) and the seven International Olympic Winter Sports Federations , which is supported by the Beijing Organising Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games , the Chinese Olympic Committee , and the All-China Sports Federation . The WWSE of this year innovatively adopts the offline + online mode , and visitors may view the WWSE in real time through the cloud WWSE App , the official site , the WeChat public account , and the online CIFTIS platform to further feel the charm of the WWSE . In September , welcome to the China National Convention Center for a fantasy ice and snow journey . <p> The convening of the WWSE is to fulfill Beijing 's solemn guarantee to @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ Games . To actively respond to General Secretary Xi Jinping 's hopes and requirements "" 300 Million People Participating in Ice and Snow Sports "" , to promote the Olympic spirit , and to fully assist in the preparations for the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games , the World Winter Sports ( Beijing ) Expo ( hereinafter referred to as the "" WWSE "" ) will be held at the China National Convention Center in Beijing from September 5-9 . <p> The WWSE has been held in Beijing since 2016 , and after four years of development , it has become a worldwide event of the ice and snow industry thanks to its wide influence , high international presence , good authority and professionalism , and massive public participation . With the approach of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games , the WWSE , now celebrating its fifth anniversary , will continue the theme of "" Power of Ice and Snow "" and the three highlights of "" Internationalization , Industrialization and Popularization "" . The WWSE , which takes the Winter Olympic Games as an opportunity and "" connecting with @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ 's ice and snow industry "" as its tenet , will be opened online and offline simultaneously under the mode of "" internationalization , marketization and professionalization "" . It has four functions such as thematic forums , shows &amp; exhibitions , business matchmaking , and supporting activities , attracting more than 20 winter sports powers and more than 500 domestic and international brands , with international brands accounting for more than 60% . <p> As the world 's top expo of the ice and snow industry , the WWSE 2020 has set up exhibition areas at the China National Convention Center ( CNCC ) and Linglong Tower to showcase the latest achievements in the development of winter sports . As the core exhibition area , the China National Convention Center Exhibition Hall has exhibition areas for the Winter Olympic theme , world-famous ice and snow brands and international organizations , world trade in ice &amp; snow services , ice and snow technology , and ice and snow equipment , with a focus on the Winter Olympics theme , ice and snow powers , international winter sports organizations and world @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ on provincial and municipal ice and snow features , ice and snow culture training , clothing and equipment , winter tourism destinations , the public ice and snow , etc . It has exhibition areas for Winter Olympics theme , ski resorts operation and venue construction , outdoor equipment , indoor ice and snow technology , winter tourism destinations and provincial and municipal pavilions , ice and snow culture training , ice and snow innovation and entrepreneurship , ice and snow carnival , and ice and snow media alliance , which attracts the active participation of ice and snow industry leaders , famous brands , and ice and snow enthusiasts around the world . <p> Showcase the Winter Olympics achievements , in preparation for the upcoming Winter Olympics <p> As an important work to assist in the preparations for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and Paralympics , the WWSE 2020 will focus on the Winter Olympics theme to showcase the trade in ice and snow services , ice and snow venues and integrated technical solutions , ice and snow sports competition support , ice and snow high-tech services , Winter @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ achievements , to make full preparations for the 2022 Winter Olympics . <p> In order to better disseminate the Winter Olympics culture and to support for the development of the Winter Olympics , the WWSE 2020 has set up a number of forums , exhibition areas and activities related to the Winter Olympics . In the Winter Olympics theme and international organizations exhibition area , the Beijing Organising Committee for the 2022 Winter Olympics , the Chinese Olympic Committee , Shougang , Yanqing and other major Winter Olympic divisions and seven International Olympic Winter Sports Federations will give a comprehensive display of the latest progress of preparations for the Winter Olympics and service guarantees , international winter sports and other related contents . The Beijing Organising Committee for the 2022 Winter Olympics booth will focus on showcasing the staged achievements of green and frugal hosting of the Games , and through the venues construction , event operation , technological innovation , city development , etc. , visitors can more visibly feel the changes from the hosting of the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics in promoting urban development , improving living standards @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ exhibition area will promote the comprehensive popularization of Olympic culture and knowledge through Olympic image display , Olympic knowledge dissemination and Olympic sports experience ; In the exhibition area for winter tourism destinations and provincial and municipal pavilion , Jilin , Changbai Mountain , Altay , Yulin and other ice and snow provinces and cities will come to bring a wealth of ice and snow tourism experience and the development of the local ice and snow industry ; The Olympic City Development Forum and the Winter Olympics Science and Technology Forum will have in-depth discussions on important topics such as Olympic opportunities and urban development , Olympic city planning and post-event venue utilization , international cooperation and exchanges between Olympic cities , and Winter Olympics science and technology , which will help promote the organization of the Beijing Winter Olympics . <p> Major powers of winter sports join the exhibition for deeper international cooperation <p> The WWSE 2020 , continuing a consistent international vision , will invite nearly 200 important guests from the International Olympic Committee , the International Olympic Winter Sports Federations , the United Nations , and the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ more than 20 countries and regions including Austria , Norway , Czech Republic , France , Japan , Italy , Finland , Iceland , Slovenia , Germany , and the United States to participate in the expo , continue to enhance the international exchanges and cooperation , promote the development of the ice and snow industry , and accelerate the promotion of winter sports and the spread of ice and snow culture . <p> Over the years , the WWSE has been committed to integrating the winter sports industry at home and abroad , building an international exchange platform , and promoting cooperation between Chinese and foreign ice and snow industries . On the international side , Austria Doppelmayr , Austria AST , Czech AlpinePro , Slovenia Elan , Italy TechnoAlpin and other international famous enterprise brands have landed in China , which will take the WWSE as a platform for their industry connection and exchange . On the domestic side , the WWSE has witnessed the development process of such domestic enterprises as Carving Ski , Eternal Star Ice &amp; Snow , and Nortec that which are mainly the @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ fully mastered the independent research and production capacity and complete independent intellectual property rights . At the WWSE of this year , the World-famous Ice and Snow Brands Exhibition Area will display brands covering venue design and construction , large equipment , wearing equipment , event organization and operation , ice and snow service solutions and other fields , particularly the Austrian Pavilion will show the Doppelmayr 's ropeway R&amp;D and technical services , AXESS ' intelligent access control solutions , SNOW51 's city one-stop skiing experience , and HEAD international top sports equipment and supporting services . <p> Focus on ice and snow technology , a sign of the strength of major powers <p> The sports industry has been always closely related to the development of science and technology , and the WWSE of this year will add a new section on ice and snow technology to highlight the latest technologies and products of the "" Winter Olympics Science and Technology "" , and focus on the scientific organization of the event , sports training and competitions , safety guarantee , smart viewing , integrated green and intelligent demonstration @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ , institutions and individuals to understand scientific and technological achievements and experience the latest technological products . On-site exhibits will include 4K/8K ultra-high-definition high-speed cameras , ultra-high-definition aerial drones , intelligent energy management systems , short track speed skating / speed skating track analysis and projection-aided skate guiding system , indoor multi-degree-of-freedom simulated ski training system , etc. , and visitors at the WWSE site will have the opportunity to experience the latest sports and products on site and be the first to feel the charm of the ice and snow technology . <p> In addition , the Indoor Ice and Snow Technology Exhibition Area will bring the internationally advanced indoor ice and snow technology , roller skating and roller skiing solutions , indoor ice and snow facilities and overall solutions , allowing visitors to experience the fun of ice and snow indoors . The "" Shougang Exhibition Area "" will present the "" Crystal Shoe "" IP image , which is designed on the the basis of the Big Air Shougang , the official event of the 2022 Winter Olympics , and display the "" Ski Jumping "" and @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ screen . It will also bring the "" Full-sensing VR Curling Experience "" by comprehensively using virtual reality , real-time motion digital capture and restoration , artificial intelligence and other technologies , and the visitors can experience the curling sports through VR equipment . <p> For more information on the WWSE , please visit : http : //www.wwse2022.com/ , or follow the WeChat public account of the "" World Winter Sports ( Beijing ) Expo "" ."
"<h> Cybersecurity Best Practices and Challenges in 2020 and Beyond <p> Ransomware . IoT . And more . All the issues that arose in 2019 are going to come to a head in 2020 . Companies need to be exceptionally vigilant about their cybersecurity if they 're going to be able to survive . Here 's a general overview of the cybersecurity best practices and challenges for 2020 and beyond . <h> Cybersecurity Challenges Facing Organizations in 2020 <p> It is n't that new threats are emerging ; it 's that they 're getting worse . Technology is becoming prolific and advanced . There are cyber criminals everywhere , and they operate with impunity. 2020 will see two primary cybersecurity challenges : <p> Politically driven hacking . There are rising tensions now between the east and west , and this is giving rise to a lot of politically driven hacking . Hackers now have a vested interest in bringing companies down from within , and it does n't necessarily need to be larger companies . In the coming year , it 's likely that we will see politically and economically driven hacking , which will increase hacking rates overall . <p> The talent drought . There are fewer cybersecurity professionals than are needed . This is n't surprising ; the cybersecurity industry is growing in leaps and bounds . The largest companies are hiring the best talent , and that means that it 's harder for companies to get the talent they need . An MSP is able to provide the full in-house IT experience for a business without having to procure the best in talent . <p> In addition to this , there are still going to be the old challenges . Ransomware is still popular , especially as cryptocurrency continues to grow in adoption . Companies absolutely need to protect themselves to avoid potential business complications . <h> Best Practices for Companies in 2020 <p> Companies need to be proactive and vigilant . To face each cybersecurity challenge , there are corresponding cybersecurity best practices . Following best practices does n't mean that you can remove your risk entirely , but it does make it possible to reduce that risk . Most organizations will experience an attack . It 's how they react to it that matters . <p> Keep security systems patched and up to date . Your machine learning system may be state-of-the-art , but it can still be hacked by a cyber attacker 's own machine learning system . To protect yourself , you need to keep your systems patched and up to date . Your vendor will be patching out exploits as they are discovered , but it wo n't help if you are n't updating your system . Many companies fail to update their systems properly because they do n't have the resources for these day-to-day tasks . <p> Make sure your employees are well-trained . Employees need to be able to identify the hallmarks of an attack and escalate to their supervisors when necessary . If an employee believes that the company has vulnerabilities that are n't being addressed , the employee should feel free and empowered to bring this up without criticism . Employees can be a frontline defense , and they can also be a company 's most significant weakness . <p> Engage with an MSP . It 's now becoming prohibitively difficult for people to hire the right talent for their business . Moreover , it 's virtually impossible for anyone to become an expert in all the security threats out there today . Engaging with an MSP means that a company has the resources available to mitigate and detect the threats as they occur . The faster those threats are detected and mitigated , the less damage it will cause . <p> Follow regulations . Regulations are there for a reason . Regulations protect both privacy and security , and that matters . Businesses need to not only be in compliant with regulations now , but they need to have a plan for updating themselves in the future . Processes have to be managed appropriately , and the right well-supported technology should be invested in . This is again an area in which an MSP can help , as MSPs are experts in compliance . <p> The cybersecurity landscape may look bleak . But there are ways for organizations to protect itself , and many organizations can be helped by engaging with the services of an MSP . Contact Red River today for more information ."
"<h> Artificial intelligence for quantum chemistry <p> 14 December 2011 <p> Quantum chemical approximations do n't always need to start from scratch , says an international team of researchers . With many results already known , a little artificial intelligence can go a long way to predicting the rest . Drawing on a database of quantum chemical results for over 7000 molecules , their program could give the atomisation energies of unfamiliar molecules to within 1% - and in a billionth of the time required for a full approximation . <p> Fully solving Schr ? dinger 's equation is impossible for all but the smallest and simplest chemical systems and accurate approximations are time-consuming . However , in the past few years , powerful computing has become so ubiquitous that thousands of density-functional field theory ( DFT ) calculations can be made within days , says Anatole von Lilienfeld of Argonne National Laboratory , Illinois . He and his colleagues argue that with such information at hand , algorithms similar to Amazon 's book recommendation program can predict the properties and behaviours of ' zillions ' of molecules @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ atomisation energy of huge numbers of molecules <p> To prove the point , the team developed a program for finding molecular atomisation energies . It defines a molecule 's elements and configuration as a matrix , with a row and column for each atom . Where an atom 's row meets its own column , the number represents the potential energy of the atom isolated from the molecule , and where the rows and columns of different atoms meet , that entry signifies the Coulomb repulsion between the two nuclear charges . <p> To harness artificial intelligence for quantum chemistry , Albert Bart ? k-P ? rtay of the University of Cambridge , UK , says that the community needs to ' represent atomic configurations in a way that can be fed into the machinery ' . This paper ' describes a really pretty way of doing this ' , he says . <p> Von Lilienfeld 's team trained the algorithm on a subset of molecules in the database , comparing their matrices to find ' distances ' between molecules - a measure of the difference between the molecules in terms @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ developing a landscape of distances . Once that was complete , an unknown molecule could be assigned a place in the landscape , according to its atoms and configuration . In the case of finding an unknown molecule 's atomisation energy , the distances between the unknown molecule and all the known molecules gave weights for how much each known atomisation energy could contribute to an estimate for the unknown molecule . <p> The researchers found that with a landscape of more than 5000 molecules , the error for predicting atomisation energies of new molecules drops below 10kcal/mol , approaching the 5kcal/mol accuracy of hybrid DFT . ' Calculating a molecule 's atomisation energy using hybrid DFT would take on average one hour on a single CPU , ' says von Lilienfeld . ' With machine learning , it 's milliseconds . ' <p> Christopher Handley of the University of Warwick , UK , says that unlike previous studies , the new method , ' allows for the development of models that are applicable to other molecules , rather than just different conformations of the same molecules ' . <p> Von @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ extend their machine learning approach to tackle more complex problems such as chemical reactions , or the design of drugs , catalysts , and other purpose-built materials ."
